The researchers extract representative tags for each cluster given the photographs' tags on Flickr. propose an " image browser " where scenes can be explored hierarchically.
Both itemto-item and user-to-user recommendation systems based on collaborative filtering have been adopted by many industry giants such as Twitter 12  , Amazon 20 and Google 6 and Netflix 5. Much attention has been focused on the former approach  , where either users are clustered by considering the items they have consumed or items are clustered by considering the users that have bought them.
However  , since the focus is on the dominant actions  , the search engine underserves  , for instance  , a Netflix user seeking other actions such as adding the movie to her streaming queue  , or a child trying to find a toy figurine. For example  , a query for " lion king " on Bing yields such a direct display consisting of an image of the movie cover  , showtimes at local theaters  , the running time  , genre  , and ratings of the movie.
– Suspicious user accounts: there are much more users with suspicious behaviors than those on Flickr and De- licious. We mainly find the following patterns/observations in this part:
The improvement shown on the IMDB corpus confirms once more the hypothesis that even in scarcely connected graph  , neighborhood aware classification achieves good improvement over the pure text-based classification. We provide a sensitivity analysis on the Sthreshold in Subsection 4.5.
Music as positive feedbacks  , and Last.fm itself is an implicit feedback dataset. Following the experiment setting of 3  , we pick the 5-star ratings for Netflix and 80 or higher ratings for Yahoo!
For example  , typical YouTube files are divided in blocks of size 512KB  , while Netflix transfers blocks of either 1.8MB or 5.2MB in size 12. We chose these file sizes because recent measurement studies have shown that smartphone traffic is dominated by large media flows that consist of data chunks of 1MB or larger 22.
Most recommender systems now follow Amazon's model. Among all popular recommender systems we investigated  , only three Netflix  , MovieLens  , Rate Your Music  offer predicted ratings.
We claim that the social networks on Flickr facilitate new ways of interacting with information—what we call social browsing. '2007 Boulder  , Colorado  , USA This paper examines how people use Flickr: specifically  , how they find new images to view.
The final HF lexicon with 1 ,559 entries of opinion terms and associated polarity and strength were expanded with morphological variations such as inflections  , superlatives  , and alternate word forms e.g.  , adjective to noun  , adjective to adverb. Since the quality of blog training data is degraded by document-level relevance judgments that are based on opinion detection rather than opinion classification  , we decided to strengthen our lexicon base by adding terms extracted from a high quality sentiment-analysis data such as movie reviews 6 positive sample and a harvest of movie plot summaries negative sample from the Internet Movie Database 7 IMDb.
For each title  , we queried the following attributes: budget  , gross income  , opening weekend gross income  , and number of keywords describing the title. For the IMDB data set  , we extracted a list totaling 863 ,049 titles.
Figure 1shows the query " Find movie Near Travolta Cage " along with the top 10 results. The details of this system are described in Section 4; the database contains the IMDB subset referring to 1997 films.
Table 2 describes the Flickr data set used in the experiments . The keywords tagged to an image are regarded as a geo-tagged document.
Figures 7a and 7b show F-scores achieved on Wikipedia  , using different E c constraints. For the sake of space  , we focus on the F-scores on Wikipedia and Flickr.
Bottom: The online tool at netr.it visualizes tag relationships generated from a user's Flickr profile. Middle: GiveALink.org leverages a similarity network of resources to visualize search results 13.
Despite the success of these methods  , existing work in this line of research typically neglects visual data and thus can't address the unique challenges that come with modeling visual temporal dynamics as we do here. For instance  , Koren 19  investigated methods to model the underlying temporal dynamics in Netflix data with encouraging results.
Because a Flickr user's token is the same from session to session  , token leakage over a GET request could lead to more serious CSRF attacks that target POST APIs. Flickr does protect these requests with a CSRF token sent as a URL parameter  , but unfortunately uses the same token for POST requests as well.
IMDB: This is a real-life  , graph-structured data set from the Internet Movie Database www.imdb.com. We use one real-life and one synthetic data set in our evaluation.
The IMDB dataset contains seven tables  , such as movies  , actors and directors  , with more than 10 ,000 ,000 records. In our experiments  , we used two real-world datasets: a crawl of the Internet Movie Database IMDB and a crawl of a lyrics database from the web.
Table 7 : A list of the most skewed and most Gaussian rating distributions on Netflix. Alternatively  , the beers from BeerAdvocate are those that are least skewed and have the largest negative θ2.
Netflix is the training data set for the Netflix Prize competition . The other two data sets consist of movie ratings  , where a movie may not be rated more than once by a user.
For an image  , its representation is the neuronal responses of the layer F 1024 by input the image into the learned DNN. The weights of DNN are learned on ILSVRC-2010 1   , which is a subset of ImageNet 2 dataset with 1.26 million training images from 1 ,000 categories.
categories  , we tried applying SVM classification to the WebKB categories of courses and faculty. In addition to the Yahoo!
For example  , Flickr hosts more than 100 million photos associated with tags and GPS locations. The amount of GPS-associated documents is increasing dramatically.
They gave an efficient algorithm for processing the large data in real time. Dubinko 10 proposed and solved the problem of visualizing the evolution of tags within Flickr online image sharing service.
sparse matrix multiplication together with dynamic computation filtering. Similarity computation can be viewed approximately as a Figure 15: Speedup of PSS2 for processing 20M Twitter and 40M Clueweb with varying numbers of cores.
Users are allowed to interact with other people besides having a profile with some attributes. Social networking services such as Facebook  , Orkut  , Flickr and LiveJournal   , have millions of users.
 webkb 4 The task is to classify university webpages as student  , course  , faculty  , or project 4 ,199 instances.  sraa 2 The task is to classify messages about real and model automobiles and aviation with the appropriate newsgroup 4 classes  , 73 ,218 instances.
Moreover  , the curves on .GOV2 and ClueWeb B become more symmetric after the transformation. That is  , the curves on disk1&2 remain bimodal  , while the curves on the other three test collections are still left-skewed  , but not as much as those of the original document length distribution  , thanks to the data transformation.
Commercial image hosting services e.g.  , Flickr  , Facebook  rely on image serving systems that are geographically distributed in nature. We conclude the paper in Section 7.
There are about 8280 documents and they are divided into 7 categories: student  , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments.
In contrast  , for our task  , the number of videos is significantly larger  , and the ratings are sparse. The Netflix domain has under 100 ,000 DVDs  , and Netflix users provide a large number of explicitly given ratings on the videos.
However  , the experiments also show that when the assumption does not hold  , the new algorithm does not hurt performance. The results suggest that only on a corpus where the number of unrelated user-feature pairs is much larger than the number of related pairs  , such as on the Netflix data set  , the proposed technique will get a significant improvement over standard EM.
Research on collaborative filtering algorithms reached a peak due to the 1 million dollar Netflix movie recommendation competition 1. Thus  , the main idea is to use the behavior history from other like-minded users to provide the current user with good recommendations.
The TREC Terabyte benchmark collection 1 consists of more than 25 million Web pages from the .gov domain  , mostly HTML and PDF files with a total size of about 426 gigabytes. We consider three structurally different data collections: the TREC Terabyte collection  , movie data from IMDB  , and a huge HTTP server log.
In particular  , we contribute to the definition of a customized version of the BrowseGraph that is limited to the navigation patterns inside the boundaries of the considered service  , but that takes into account also the entry points of users navigating to Flickr from other domains. To shed light on this matter  , we compared five possible ranking strategies in Flickr: explicit feedback number of favorites  , implicit user information number of views and time spent viewing  , and graph-centrality methods Page- Rank and BrowseRank applied to the BrowseGraph  , namely the graph of the user browsing sessions.
The first field contains the unique identifier of the Flickr image. We have indexed the whole CoPhIR dataset and for each image  , we created five Lucene fields which can be queried separately or in combination.
The official TREC subtopics  , which are available for the ClueWeb settings that we use here  , were used for experiments. simLM ·  , · serves for the sim2·  , · measure used in MMR and for pd|t that is used in xQuAD.
Epinions.com is an online reviewing website. To observe the behavior of users in an SRN and to analyze the evolution of SRNs  , we performed experimental studies on two real life data sets: Epinions and Flickr.
Then  , Flickr also became the largest " geotagged " photo database in the world. Instead  , map-based geotags have become common  , after Flickr  , which is the largest photo sharing site in the world  , launched an online geotagging interface in 2006.
In product recommender systems  , users' preference tend to change over time. Research on model-based CF reached a peak in the Netflix movie recommendation competition where a matrix factorization-based CF approach such as SVD is used to learn the model.
It has become the gold standard for testing out new product strategies and approaches 14  , 13. A/B testing  , also called controlled experimentation  , is widely used in many consumer facing web technology companies to guide product development and data-driven decisions   , including Amazon  , eBay  , Etsy  , Facebook  , Google  , Groupon  , LinkedIn  , Microsoft  , Netflix and Yahoo.
Due to the relatively small amount of available training data  , we have adapted a pre-trained CNN classification model GoogleNet 22 trained on ImageNet 8 to the new GDR concept lexicon using our multi-label CNN extension and performed a fine-tuning on the GDR television recordings. Furthermore  , millions of training images are needed to build a deep CNN model from scratch.
In contrast to the often ambiguous and trying task of tagging  , endorsements are an intuitive and concise method of expression. On Flickr users can favorite pictures that they find appealing.
 For the real Zillow dataset LS outperforms LESS by an order of magnitude and for the lower dimensional IMDB movie database LS outperforms LESS by up to 2X.  LS and LESS perform similarly for the synthetic correlated datasets  , with LESS achieving an advantage when d = 7 or c ≥ 10.
Documents representing each movie were constructed from the portion of the IMDB database that is available for public down- load13 . The average score for a document was 3.58.
For each interpretation of a given keyword query  , the participants were asked to indicate on a two-point Likert scale  , if they think that this interpretation could reflect an informational need implied by the keyword query. In total  , each user had to evaluate 630 interpretations for IMDB and 517 interpretations for the Lyrics dataset.
Finally  , we conjecture that such process could be executed at indexing time  , thus eliminating any additional on-line costs. For multiword expressions such as ClueWebations for ClueWeb-B when nit = 15 is 7.02 which is orders of magnitude less than nit|Γ| = 150.
Although the WebKB documents have link information we disregarded this fact in the training phase and choose to treat them only as textual data but for the testing phase we took into account both textual and linking information. Documents from the " misc " university were also used for HCLA since the larger size of the initial text corpus can enhance the efficiency of LSI.
All of these datasets are commonly used benchmark datasets in evaluating recommendation performance. We conducted a series of experiments on three real-world rating datasets: Movielens-1M  , EachMovie  , and Netflix.
The evolution of conversational norms in time have been recently studied on Flickr and aNobii 1. Previous work on Twitter investigated the conventions used to initiate and track conversations 6.
This indicates that comments in YouTube are generally richer and thus better reflect trending and popularity growth. YouTube shows the highest correlation while Flickr is the lowest.
The web pages are classified into seven categories. The WebKB data set consists of about 6000 web pages from computer science departments of four schools Cornell  , Texas  , Washington  , and Wisconsin.
The RMSE scores achieved by each of the twenty systems  , as well as detailed discussions on their rating prediction algorithms  , can be found on the Netflix website netflixprize.com//leaderboard. On September 21  , 2009  , the grand prize of one million dollars were given.
The inclusion of multidimensional histograms did not greatly effect the number of tuples read from the database. As shown in Figure 10 we compared the performance of oneand two-dimensional histograms for the IMDB data set.
For instance  , most Netflix users would have assigned ratings to only tens of movies  , as compared to the thousands of available movies. They are expressed over a very limited number of items.
We exploited parallelism in training on the Netflix data set see Section 4.2. As long as both the cache pvi and the incoming messages m f →i are updated in one atomic step  , computations of messages can be parallelised .
Names are a useful form of personalization in many Flickr use cases: they are a vital element of social interaction and communication among people who know each other  , and they may be one of the most useful terms to help contributors retrieve their own photos from Flickr  , or to sift through friends' and family members' photo sets dates also help serve this purpose; as Van House points out  , image content and use are often social 17. Unsurprisingly  , when names are used in more than one form of metadata  , they are the same names.
As a result of the large magnitude of M   , a very high perturbation noise is required to provide differential privacy  , according to the Laplace mechanism. m  , as in the total number of movies on Netflix.
The Movies table has 120 ,000 records with the information about movies  , including their ID  , title  , release year  , runtime  , IMDB rank  , and number of votes. 4 We used two constructed tables.
So he starts from flickr  , and then sMash will show him a global view of all the mashupable paths around flickr  , navigate him which way to go next and remind him what his mashup currently looks like by means of data flow preview. User scenario: Suppose a user has no clear ideas about APIs  , he knows a mashup source called flickr.
The spread of social media sharing sites like Flickr has made the study of social networks increasingly tractable from a computer science point of view Backstrom et al. Flickr also features " groups  , " which are informal communities where users can participate in discussion boards or contribute photos to the group " pool. "
WebKB: The WebKB dataset 5 contains contains 8145 web pages gathered from university computer science departments . 4.
In a network  , where an object can be rated based on explicit rating such as IMDB  , Epinions  , etc.  , or where rating is derived as in the case of peer-to-peer networks   , the non-negativity can no longer be enforced. For these  , however  , the edge weights needs to be non-negative as Perron-Frobenius 4 theorem relies on the non-negativity.
A/B testing  , also called controlled experimentation  , is widely used in many consumer facing web technology companies to guide product development and data-driven decisions   , including Amazon  , eBay  , Etsy  , Facebook  , Google  , Groupon  , LinkedIn  , Microsoft  , Netflix and Yahoo. The ATE can be expressed as
Today  , the most well known approach of building a recommender system is to use the collaborative filting CF recommendation algorithm  , such as GroupLens 1   , MovieLens 2   , Netflix 3 and Amazon 4 . However   , with the rapid increase in books and users  , CARES is becoming more and more inefficient.
Flickr provides a search service for tags  , locations and full text. Tag searching and tag clouds are not new ideas.
Generally   , we aim to find accounts where one or more timestamps of Flickr photos match the timestamps of tweets. In this section  , we focus on Flickr and Twitter datasets because Yelp only gives the date  , and not the exact time of each post.
The architecture for parsing on Hadoop is shown in figure Stage 3: Merging—We then merged these 32 indexes into 8 indexes so that they could be searched in distributed manner by placing each of the 8 indexes on individual machines. Once HTML pages were extracted  , they were parsed with Jericho HTML parser  , and saved on HDFS as a key/value pair SequenceFile where key was clueweb-id of the page  , and value was the parsed content of the page .
Netflix. In calculating the parameter space size for LLORMA  , we make the very conservative estimate that each row and column is on average part of two factorizations  , even though the model contains more than 30 factorizations that each row and column could be part of.
The table lists the following statistics each for the whole batch of queries: the parameter k  , the amount of queries  , the sum of sorted accesses and the sum of random accesses for the entire batch  , the per-query average process CPU times in seconds  , the sum of queue operations inserts  , deletes  , and updates for TopX  , the maximum number of cached items for the hash-structure used in numbers of documents  , the macro-averaged precision at k P@k and the mean average precision MAP for the top-k using official relevance assessments for INEX and Terabyte. Table 3gives detailed results comparing different TopX configurations and competitors for varying k for INEX  , IMDB  , and Terabyte.
This correlation is not detected well assuming independence as illustrated in the quick rise in confidence. For the IMDB and sensor data sets there is a strong correlation among the high score values.
In addition  , some Wikipedia entities which have not been judged relevant  , still contain external links to relevant homepages. For almost all Wikipedia pages with relevant titles the external link to a ClueWeb page is relevant.
Some works have targeted collaborative bookmarking data  , as Flickr does  , from a spatiotemporal perspective: Serdyukov et al. earthquakes.
The second dataset has been selected from the Internet movie database IMDB. For the initial step of purely content-based classification we use the document titles as the only source.
First we will explain how to specify what information to extract from HTML pages using our wysiwyg extraction wizard and our extraction language. To k eep our demonstration focused  , we will show h o w to build a wrapper for the the Internet Movie Database IMDb and create a gateway to serve these HTML pages as XML documents.
The input features are derived from Flickr and Foursquare. We will test the validity of this assumption in Section 7.
However  , it may be useful for the Netflix ratings where authors are comparatively prolific. We can use the same process with authors instead of sources to counteract author bias  , but this data is more sparse in the product and merchant reviews where many authors rated few objects.
We set the weights of the feature vectors to be proportional to the number of pixels in their corresponding image regions. Flickr: We apply the same feature extraction method 16 as used for the Corel dataset to 100 ,000 randomly crawled Flickr images.
So from the results we can see that the Kendall Rank Correlation Coefficient is a more effective similarity measure for finding users with similar preferences. For the random walk model  , the performances of RW- PCC and RWKRCC are very close on the EachMovie data set while RWKRCC outperformed RWKRCC on the Netflix data.
We use our IMDb synthetic data to show that in noiseless situations  , RB outperforms SB. In some well-structured hierarchies  , like those used by Amazon 2  and the Flamenco system 4  , most properties hold and there are an insignificant number of exceptions e.g.  , misplaced objects.
This means that in general cases the users can label more than 5 correct tags  , and then it is possible to apply this recommendation scheme on Flickr to help users Fortunately  , with respect to the statistic generated from the 10 ,000 random sampling from Flickr  , the average number of correct tags for an image is above 5.
In order to evaluate the performance of SoCo when only non-social contextual information is available  , we conduct another set of experiments on MovieLens-1M dataset. However  , in some application scenarios  , no social functionality is provided e.g.  , Netflix.
Tweets containing the opinions of users about items or products could be used to improve the performance of rec- Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Due to the high speed of information diffusion  , several web applications have been integrated with Twitter to let people share their opinions about items e.g.  , movies in IMDb 7  , 11.
These services are then composed for fulfilling their business requirements. Many big players in the market e.g.  , Netflix  , Amazon  , and Microsoft Azure have adopted microservice architecture 3 by decomposing their existing monolithic applications into smaller  , and highly decoupled services also known as microservices .
The original dataset contains more than 100 million datestamped ratings integers between 1 and 5 collected be- tween Nov. 11  , 1999 and Dec. 31  , 2005  , from about 480  , 000 anonymous Netflix customers on 17  , 770 movies. We consider a large movie ratings dataset released by Netflix as the basis of a well publicized competition 5.
In contrast  , we study media diffusion and social bonds with respect to geographic locality. study the role media popularity and the strength of social links play in the rate that media diffuses the Flickr social network 13.
In general  , recommendation systems aim to provide personalised recommendations of items to users based on their previous behaviour as well as on other information gathered by item descriptions and user profiles. In particular given the success of item recommendation systems in commercial websites  , such as Amazon.com and Netflix  , it is considered worthwhile to revisit the recommendation problem through the novel perspective of social networking.
For example  , the bottom row of Table 2  , marked as " df-limit "   , lists the sequential time on an AMD core after removing features with their vector frequency exceeding an upper limit proposed in 19. Stop words are removed in the Twitter and ClueWeb input datasets; additional approximated preprocessing may be applied to reduce sequential time significantly if the trade-off in accuracy is acceptable 13  , 19.
It is a concise representation of the collections that measure in tens of terabytes when uncompressed . The ClueWeb 09 and 12 collections took approximately two and three days to index and resulted in 240GB and 350GB signatures indexes.
The learning subset is retrieved from Flickr images and the database and query subsets are from the INRIA Holidays images 11 . ANN_SIFT1M contains three vector subsets: subset for learning  , subset for database  , and subset for query.
The Internet Movie Database; we useed public Internet Movie Database's IMDB entire database. The resulting graph included 845  , 211 nodes  , each with at least one edge authors with no co-authors were omitted.
'2007 Boulder  , Colorado  , USA This paper examines how people use Flickr: specifically  , how they find new images to view. Like many other social media sites  , Flickr also allows users to designate others as " friends " or " contacts " and offers an interface to see in one place the latest images submitted by these friends.
We used the Flickr API to query for photos uploaded in 20 minutes time intervals . We gathered a sample of photos from Flickr uploaded in the time between June 1 and 7  , 2007.
Typically  , a sub-net contains about 400 users. Based on this implementation  , taking our experiment as an example  , we detect 101 sub-nets from 40 ,170 Flickr users.
Figure 5shows the ratings provided by a user U on six movies extracted from the Netflix dataset and the rankings of two main actors/actresses in each movie at various rating levels obtained from STARmeter on imdb.com 5 . This notion is adopted  , since the prices of paintings are primarily based on the artists' popularity and vice versa.
For example  , the contacts feature in Flickr allows users to establish a network of relationships thereby structurally embedding them into the social fabric of the community Nov et al. 2008 .
But their main focus is on analyzing tags used in Web 2.0 systems like Flickr and connect them to concepts in Wikipedia. The approach presented in 12 also propose to use Wikipedia to enable cross-domain search.
In order to enrich the available information  , we find the corresponding DBpedia resources for the films in Netflix. To extract user feedback  , we consider user film ratings from the Netflix dataset.
We crawl 32 ,132 comments written on 11 ,130 photos on Flickr Commons. Dataset: We compile our dataset from real world comments harvested from Flickr Commons.
5 analyze a Flickr data set to research photo propagation through the social networks. 18 and M. Cha et al.
For single concept queries on IMDB  , we did not observe any difference between ranking and diversification the lines Rank sc and Div sc almost overlap in all diagrams of the Figure 2a. This advantage increases with growing α  , and achieves 8% at α=0.99.
Taking tagging quality and user popularity into consideration  , we extract organized texts  , geo-tagged images and categorized videos separately from Wikipedia  , Flickr  , Youtube and official tourism website. We first perform Web information extraction to obtain tourism metadata.
Connecting CQA and ClueWeb. Table 1shows the number of questions NQ  , the average number of associated answers per question NAavg  , and the average number of links per question NLavg in first row.
Conversely  , our analysis suggests that Flickr users take a long period of time to find out about interesting pictures. For a majority of pictures  , over 40% of fans were acquired after the first 100 days.
The evaluation results on both NUS-WIDE and MIR Flickr datasets are shown in Table 2. The parameters α and γ are set to their optimal values e.g.  , α = 0.85 and γ = 1.0.
regression emerging from the Netflix contest e.g. Besides a very large literature on rating prediction i.e.
Most existing cluster based re-ranking and query expansion approaches use fine-grained clusters of the top k results returned by a search engine. In fact  , we found many near duplicate pages in ClueWeb 2012.
Finally  , Flickr users cannot mark the pictures they uploaded as favorites. For this work  , we assume A received information about the photo from all of these users.
The third algorithm  , Tag Vector Similarity TVS  , represents users and documents in the tag space as TF-IDF tag profile vectors and recommend the most similar unsaved documents to a user based on corresponding tag vectors. Funk-SVD employs Singular Value Decomposition technique to approximate the original user-item matrix using a low rank matrix and shows strong performance in the Netflix competition 12.
1000M triples that is the Billion Triple Challenge Dataset 2008 3 including Wikipedia3 4 for Wikipedia  , while for Mondial we converted the SQL dump into RDF ourselves i.e. 266M triples including Linked IMDb 2 for the benchmark related to IMDb  , Billion i.e.
Of the images that were taken within the last year  , more specifically between November 2010 and September 2011  , only twenty percent are geo-tagged-since Flickr allows users to manually add geo-information to images after uploading them  , this number can be considered as an upper bound to the use of GPS-enabled devices in our data set. As an example  , consider the test set of images we crawled from the photo sharing platform Flickr to test our hypotheses.
We use two kinds of visual features as two different content based image retrieval approaches. It contains 25 ,000 images and provides the raw tags of these images on Flickr.
As far as the different question types are concerned   , we mostly focused on improving the performance on factoid questions  , thus preserving more or less the modules we used for answering list and definition questions from last year. In addition to this  , we have also added a second validation layer which makes use of various structured databases  , such as IMDB  , Discogs.com and the CIA World Fact Book.
Attention was measured by counting the number of comments that other Flickr users posted to a contributor's photos . The remaining independent variables were collected from the Flickr system.
Unlike main task in Entity Track where entities are represented by the homepage of the entity in Clueweb dataset  , here they are represented using a Uniform Resource IdentifierURI within the LOD. For this year's task is based on Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset.
Specifically  , the key technical problem of the system can be defined as follows. Flickr.
As can be observed  , Flickr images are mostly annotated with nouns and entities ; therefore a successful recommendation strategy should also suggest mostly nouns. Table 1summarises the term types for each data type.
More in line with the artifact contributing nature of Flickr  , Huberman et al. Attention: Joyce and Kraut 2006 found that newsgroup users increased their postings when they received responses from community members.
Broadly speaking  , the participants found the interaction fairly simple  , and the visualization metaphor clear: tags represent photos taken by Flickr users. We supply quotes from participants for each team to illustrate key points and possible issues.
A subsequent study reveals the relative sensitivity of data collected during multiplayer games 24. hypothetical institutional archiving efforts based on different public media collections  , including tweets  , Flickr photos  , Amazon book reviews  , YouTube videos  , educational recordings  , and podcasts.
e Foursquare places min:1 ,med:2 ,max:27 Figure 4: Frequency distributions of Flickr and Foursquare activity features. Green segments are very walkable  , while red ones are not pedestrian-friendly.
For the evaluation we have selected 331 photos through the Flickr API. For training we used 131 photos and the
Examples of configuration information are user ID for Flickr service and API key for Google Maps. Finally  , component adapters and wrappers also support configuration options for component instantiation  , through the <config> elements inside <component>.
The Clueweb collection offers a natural " external " collection   , Wikipedia  , as this part of the collection is free of spam and relatively clean compared to other web documents. The goal of this technique is to use an " external " collection that is less noisy than the target collection to improve the estimation of the query model.
She later uploads the pictures she took during the trip to Flickr. Alice is also very active on the social Web  , having among others a Flickr and a Twitter account which she uses regularly to stay in touch with friends and family.
Having observed ClueWeb switched crawlers from Nutch 12 in 2009 to Heritrix in 2012  , we conducted pilot evaluations with both and ultimately selected Heritrix due to reliability and ease of use and modification. Overall  , the diversity seen in pages per domain suggests ArabicWeb16 will be useful for researchers interested in working with domains of varying depth.
We believe that the latter effect  , what we call social browsing  , explains much of the activity generated by new images on Flickr. Do they find them by browsing through the photo streams of their contacts ?
Students also considered videos that they had viewed through large online collections such as YouTube through channel subscriptions  , Netflix  , etc. Facebook or uploading them to a personal YouTube channel.
A sample screenshot of the river metaphor is shown in Figure 1. If the tag is 'caught' using the mouse pointer during its journey left  , it displays more Flickr photos with this tag.
In the Twitter case  , restricted access was preferred over time-shifted access  , and in the Flickr case  , time-shifted access was preferred over restricted access. Table 6compares the trends between Flickr results and Twitter results; these trends are not intended to supplant the curves  , but rather to show the statements' order.
As we can see  , in our experiments on the IMDB dataset Figure 2a  , the average α-NDCG-W for top-1 result of both ranking and diversification on single concept queries was always 0.58  , given any value of α. The α-NDCG- W values in the diagrams are averaged on single concept queries sc and multi-concept queries mc respectively.
In particular  , we used a Caffe reference model 3 with 5 convolutional layers followed by 3 fully-connected layers  , which has been pre-trained on 1.2 million ImageNet ILSVRC2010 images. Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 11.
FLICKR BRONZE TROPHY GROUP Post "   , which is the cause for the excessive ratio of comments to views. This photo definitely deserves a Bronze Trophy!
The ELC task is defined as follows: Given an information need and a list of known relevant entity homepages  , return a list of relevant entity URIs from a specific collection of Linked Open Data. 1 http://ilps.science.uva.nl/trec-entity/guidelines/guidelines-2010/ 2 http://bit.ly/entity2011-guidelines  Groups that generate results using Web Search Engines are required to submit an obligatory run  , using the Lemur ClueWeb Online Query Service.
To create our IMDB dataset  , we choose a small subset of movies and all the people associated with these movies. We now briefly describe these data sets and the subsets we extracted for our experiments.
Each survey was structured as follows. Lastly  , Survey 3 S3 recommended movies that were randomly selected from the Netflix dataset: the recommendation process included full diversity  , but was very unlikely to recommend popular movies.
For example  , if a query " person:steven spielberg " is submitted  , two queries will be sent to IMDB: " Character:steven spielberg " and " People:steven spielberg " provided that IMDB's Character-field is mapped onto the character-concept and the People-field is mapped onto the person-concept. If those concepts are supported by the underlying collections  , they can be queried by a meta search engine.
The task is to classify the webpages as student  , course  , faculty or project. WebKB: The WebKB dataset 5 contains contains 8145 web pages gathered from university computer science departments .
We manually inspected a fair number of the results and found that in most cases the results would be considered as good matches by a human user. Again  , the results for the Imdb setting were not quite as good as for Gov.
The IMDB was acquired via publicly available plain text exports and parsed into a RDBMS. The relations between technical terms were not further considered.
In our experiments  , we use the del.icio.us tags provided by Peter Mika  , which were also used in Mika  , 2005  , and Flickr tags for photos posted between 01-02-2004 and 01-03-2006. Other studies on the structure of both del.icio.us and Flickr  , focusing on user activity  , tag frequency  , kinds and variability of tags  , among other aspects  , are presented in Golder and Huberman  , 2005 and Marlow et al.  , 2006.
proportion of nonzero entries of the EachMovie and Netflix data sets are 6.1% and 6.6% respectively. The density of user-item rating matrix i.e.
or thumbs-up/down selection Youtube  , TiVo etc. Data of this type typically comes in the form of ratings Netflix  , Amazon etc.
Seth Fitzsimmonds  , Flickr: Seth is a Senior Engineer & Hacker at Flickr and the former lead developer of Fire Eagle a real time location brokering platform. His research interests include digital expression   , creativity frameworks  , synchronous interaction  , and media sharing as well as community centered multimedia including music   , images  , videos  , artworks  , and performances.
the percentage of links on the Flickr network. 3ashows the results w.r.t.
Note that our approach is designed to return only the entities in the structured database. We used an entity reference table containing 2.04 million person names and their synonyms 4  obtained from IMDB  , Wikipedia  , DBLP  , ACM as well as several internal databases.
Searching own resources is implemented by using the corresponding feature from the integrated tagging platforms. This feature requires that a user enters her external account names for Flickr  , del.icio.us  , and/or YouTube into her profile .
In part 3  , we asked several questions regarding their information seeking behavior. We specifically asked about: Twitter  , Facebook  , LinkedIn  , Google+  , YouTube  , MyVideo  , Flickr  , Instagram  , Pinterest  , Personal Blogs  , and others.
To extract user feedback  , we consider user film ratings from the Netflix dataset. To be able to train personalization models  , it is crucial to have some knowledge about the user's historical needs and preferences.
500 images are randomly selected from our Flickr set for labeling by five persons. We use NDCG as the performance evaluation measure 1.
One reason was our ClueWeb-B-13 dataset is too small to obtain the valid search results in the data preprocessing step. We think there are two main reasons that caused this result.
This was to ensure the no shortlist condition offered a reasonable baseline for the condition. The order displayed to the user was first descending by year and then descending by IMDb score.
The degree distributions for these data sets are presented in Figure  1 . We evaluated our model by removing a test set from the Xbox movies and Netflix 4 and 5 stars data sets.
Ranking was carried out using a Dirichletsmoothed language model. For our experiments  , we used the Lemur toolkit version 4.12 to index and search the ClueWeb category B dataset.
All images are available under a Creative Commons Attribution Licence. The MIRFLICKR collection 3 9  consists of 1 million images at the moment downloaded from the social photography site Flickr.
Note that the MSD dataset has more than 20 times more items than both MovieLens and Netflix  , and is over 100 times more sparse. At the end of the challenge organizers released all the challenge data including test data into public domain.
Flickr allows users to set specific pages to " private "   , but in our analysis we considered only public pages. All of the data processing was anonymous and performed in aggregate.
We discovered landmark tags in the dataset and their locations  , using the methods described above. The photos were retrieved from the dataset of geotagged photos available on Flickr 8.
So the rate of information propagation may be limited by the frequency of user logins. In Flickr  , users get a small number of updates about their friends' newly uploaded pictures when they log in.
memberships  , the prediction accuracy was 63.5%. Figure 4: Assuming 50% public profiles  , the GROUP accuracy drops significantly if Flickr users with private profiles do not join low-entropy groups.
The run with the dummy Clueweb pages finds more primary Wikipedia pages  , but less primary pages are found  , because of the insertion of dummy pages. The Wikipedia base run with only links throws out a number of primary Wikipedia pages that do not have a link to a Clueweb page.
Previous work on CF methods primarily focuses on improving the predicted function of rating. Some e-commences and web service providers like Amazon and Netflix have adopted the CF-based recommendation to further their businesses.
This creates one dataset of 48 ,090 users and 17 ,770 movies  , which we will refer to as Netflix-48k  , and one dataset of 24 ,047 users and 17 ,770 movies  , which we will refer to as Netflix-24k. We create two subsets of the data by randomly sampling users but keeping all movies.
Our combination method is also highly effective for improving an n-way classifier. For comparison  , we applied our method for both classification and naming to full-texts for the categories of courses and faculty from the WebKB dataset.
There are many benefits to geotagging content. Geomapping RSS feeds: There has been renewed interests in geomapping content especially photos e.g.  , Flickr and other third party service providers like Smugmug 7 and MapBureau 8.
Some of them 1118 selected representative photos to visually summarize a given landmark or scene. Recently  , leveraging user-contributed photo collections e.g.  , Flickr 6 has attracted lots of research efforts.
Although we did not explicitly apply any spam filtering techniques  , the preliminary results suggest that spam is an important issue for experiments based on the ClueWeb collection. Combining the basic approaches with the optimization methods  , we submitted three runs: i Markov Random Fields with Wikipedia filtering  , ii Markov Random Fields with Wikipedia filtering and promotion  , and iii External Expansion with Wikipedia filtering.
 Synthetic IMDb Hierarchies. Results for this set are presented in the extended version of this paper 11.
We discuss hierarchical agglomerative clustering HAC results in section 4.6. Analysis of the impact of feature selection on clustering effectiveness in section 4.5 will show overall best results were obtained with 1  , 000 features in WebKB  , 20News  , and RCV1 collections.
After personalization however  , the top-3 candidates were respectively: netflix  , nascar  , and northwest airlines. The MPC ranking of matching candidates based on past popularity would be: nascar  , netflix  , nick.com  , nascar.com  , nextel  , northwest airlines and so forth.
We used the Flickr API to download the list of favorite photos for all known users  , based on the final snapshot of our Flickr social network graph. Favorites photos are publicly visible from each user's profile page.
 Flickr is extracted from the popular photo-sharing website www.flickr.com. The Blog catalog is a subset of this network containing about 10 ,000 nodes classified in 39 different categories 32.
To validate the proposed approach we conducted extensive experiments on three large publicly available datasets: song dataset from the Kaggle's MSD challenge and two movie datasets MovieLens and Netflix. For all SVD experiments we first validated normalization for each neighbor approach and then applied SVD to the best performing combination.
Together these users have uploaded 52 ,425 ,279 photos of which 22 ,710 ,496 have been geotagged. Using the public Flickr API we have collected the geotags of 36 ,264 users  , who actively use the geotag functionality .
It consists of metadata extracted from the Flickr photo sharing system. CoPhIR dataset 5 1 with 106 million processed images is currently the largest collection available for scientific purposes.
Examples of catch-up services include Hulu in the USA and BBC iPlayer in the UK. Netflix  , and for providing so-called " catch-up TV " or " replay TV " service  , which makes previously broadcast TV content available typically via IP streaming for on-demand or time-shifted viewing for a limited period after the original broadcast.
The profiles found through these two approaches have little overlap. After manually investigating them  , we found a total of 135 users in TWD that had tweeted their Flickr account and had posted at least 10 tweets and 5 images to Flickr.
ating social relations. Our observations show that the percentage of social actions ϕ over the total number of actions denoted by |At| remains fairly constant throughout the evolution of SRN for both Epinions and Flickr.
The WebKB dataset provided a set of data called " neighborhood words " which was the text occurring in the same " paragraph " as the inlink to a given document. We also tried classifying the categories of courses and faculty from the WebKB dataset used by Blum and Mitchell 3 and Fürnkranz 9.
This information is not available to us. Our analysis may have been hindered by a few factors: First  , other systems such as Netflix and TiVo which recommend items to watch per user can rely on users' ratings for previous content items watched.
It embeds conceptual graph statements into HTML pages. WebKB 27  uses conceptual graphs for representing the semantic content of Web documents.
 BlogCatalog is extracted from the website www.blogcatalog.com. The Flickr dataset is a subset of the friends' network of Flickr  , and the interest groups are used as label for the user 32.
These differences might be due to the limited number of topics available for the TREC 678 collection 20 in total  , but also because of the different kind of documents in these collections newswire articles vs. First of all we note that the KL based QPRP model performs the best on each collection when surrogates are used in the TREC 678 and pairwise comparisons are used on ClueWeb.
When the video streaming giant Netflix moved online a few years ago  , its traffic surged immediately. Very often  , ISPs do not charge the CDNs for putting servers in their networks.
Matrix factorization has been shown to be a great success for Netflix-prize competition 12. Basically  , the method approximately factorize a user-item matrix with a product of two lowerrank matrices  , i.e. ,
On ClueWeb-B  , statistical significance is attained for the two reported measures. However  , for the two Web collections  , our model significantly outperforms both MRF variants.
We use the Flickr API as the underlying search provider for our NicePic! One of the three classifiers textual  , visual  , or textual+visual is selected for each image based on the availability of the image features.
We have three data sets we will use: product reviews  , merchant reviews  , and Netflix movie ratings. To illustrate some of the inherent biases to confront in aggregating data  , we next describe some empirical behavior of the data.
The taxonomy we use for entity extraction is assembled from multiple information sources  , e.g.  , WordNet 10   , DBPedia 11   , IMDB 12   , etc. Our experiment does not exploit the text captions associated with images  , since they are not present in all media sites.
Each photograph is represented by a tuple consisting of a photograph ID  , coordinates of the location from where the photograph was taken latitude  , longitude  , owner name  , title  , photograph URL on Flickr  , and user-generated tags. The dataset is derived from Flickr and it contains 197 ,391 geo-tagged photographs stored in a MySQL database.
We collect a Flickr image collection consisting of 50  , 000 images and 106  , 565 unique tags.  Our tag refinement method.
Results are reported over the Clueweb category B collection. We investigated the effectiveness of RankScoreDiff as a diversification approach using the diversity task framework of the TREC Web Track from 2009–2011  , which comprises 148 queries.
schemes regulate best the influence of an individual ? Bottom: The online tool at netr.it visualizes tag relationships generated from a user's Flickr profile.
4 Although polysemy and synonymy do exist on Flickr  , we ignore them for reasons of simplicity in this paper. We then 3 A collection and its sets are specific to an individual user.
In this paper  , we worked with photostreams as content units for analyzing user browsing behavior in Flickr. Feedback was mostly positive making the approach very promising.
Once HTML pages were extracted  , they were parsed with Jericho HTML parser  , and saved on HDFS as a key/value pair SequenceFile where key was clueweb-id of the page  , and value was the parsed content of the page .  Stage 1: Parsing—Every map read a WARC file  , and parsed it with WARC reader.
All similar articles must be grouped and bounded together in a cluster of similar articles. This means that some articles are repeated many times with different vocabulary names and the TREC identifiers used in the ClueWeb data.
As we will show later  , logging in however is not the most important use case in this domain  , only the one that users express most consistently in terms of issuing the same query and clicking the same result. Second  , all the top patterns above rank 12 look very similar and in fact express the exact same user need: a user trying to log in to Netflix.
The normalized pairwise comparison time is about 1.24 nanoseconds for Twitter and 0.74 nanoseconds for ClueWeb using 300 AMD cores given τ = 0.8. Namely Parallel time×No of cores No of pairs×Vector length .
We use 5 subsamples of the Netflix dataset for crossvalidation purposes. It remains possible that users viewed their recommendations without rating any content; however  , given this uncertainty in the data  , we only consider the scenario where there is evidence that the users have interacted with the system.
In addition  , like Flickr users  , they specify less formal relations  , mainly broader/narrower relations. These users seem to use more colloquial terms than those used in WordNet.
We primarily trained our classifier on the DBLP dataset since the instances here are more general than that of WebKB and negative instances were unavailable for Eprints. We use precision
Second  , we present four different tag recommendation strategies to support to the user when annotating photos by tapping into the collective knowledge of the Flickr community as a whole. First we analyse " how users tag photos " and " what kind of tags they provide "   , based on a representative snapshot of Flickr consisting of 52 million publicly available photos.
To simulate real world applications  , we retrieve top-10 items for every user from a pool of 17 ,770 candidate items. We take the Netflix dataset for illustration.
We selected photo collections from Flickr that met certain criteria. Many of the photos have been tagged by their owners and assigned to geographic locations  , either manually or via GPS.
Figure 3is also suggestive of whether users are picking " better " queries later in the session. We note  , however  , that due to differences between our system's retrieved results and the contents of the ClueWeb collection  , these results can only be considered an estimate.
First  , we describe our strategy for gathering a photo collection from Flickr  , and elaborate on the characteristics of our data set. In this section  , we present the results of our evaluation for automatic detection of photo attractiveness.
2012  or create new photo browsing interfaces Chiarandini and Jaimes 2012. Other work extracts user sessions from Flickr server logs to identify navigation patterns Chiarandini  , Trevisiol  , and Jaimes 2012  , rank photos Trevisiol et al.
Similar to TREC4-Kmeans  , we applied clustering algorithm 33 to divide the dataset into 100 collections.  Wikipedia-100col-Kmeans ClueWeb-Wiki: 100 collections were created from the Wikipedia dataset of the ClueWeb 13.
As analyzed in Section 4.2  , when the number of items each user has rated increases the difference between EigenRank and ListCF would be more distinct  , and we omit the result here. Due to the huge size of the Netflix data  , we selected users from Netflix who had rated no more than 50 items to form an extremely sparse dataset containing about 100 ,000 users.
For example  , we cannot test whether Flickr would see an increase in traffic if we were to add a specific feature or create links between certain photos or users. We are not able to make changes to the Flickr website or run tests in a controlled environment.
The entire log contains about 530 million requests. As the dataset  , we use an access log containing image download requests issued to an edge cache of Flickr during a period of three consecutive days.
2  A number of entity homepages i.e.  , ClueWeb docIDs are made available as part of the topic definition  , as examples of known relevant answers. There are two main differences to REF:  Entities are not represented by their homepages  , but by a unique URI from a specific collection  , a sample of the Linked Open Data cloud.
We further compare MudRecS against the 20 systems that participated in the Netflix contest in 2008. Netflix.
169 experts vs. 500  , 000 potential neighbors in the Netflix database. The wisdom of the few approach is less sensitive to scale  , as it creates recommendations from a very reduced set of experts e.g.
The largest index lists derived from the IMDB collection with up to a length of 285 ,000 entries are generated by the categorical attributes such as Genres and Years  , whereas the largest inverted lists from text contents only yield a few thousand entries which are typically scanned through by the first block. For this particular combination of lists and mixture of score distributions  , all top-k algorithms outperform the FullMerge baseline by a large margin  , for wide ranges of k. Note that we are still able to stay very close to the lower bound compared to CA and NRA.
In Flickr  , users cannot do this because the original map layout stays the same regardless of which photographs or cluster users click on. 4.
Considering that for a webpage w 1 in the graph  , these algorithms will return a rank list of relative pages. For evaluating our methods  , we used WebKB datasets4 and these web pages crawled from these four universities' website are manually divided into seven classes  , such as students  , faculty  , staff  , department  , course  , project and others.
netflix login member  , netflix login member queue that are not easily recognizable by other means. We also find frequent syntactic variations e.g.
The large amount of GPS-associated documents makes it possible to analyze the geographical characteristics of different subjects. For example  , Flickr hosts more than 100 million photos associated with tags and GPS locations.
The face images are annotated manually with positive and negative class labels. Firstly  , we crawl user-contributed photos from Flickr and extract facial regions by a face detector.
In a rating system  , such as IMDB www.imdb.com  , Slashdot www.slashdot.org  , Epinions www.epinions.com  , etc.  , users rate an object. In general  , though  , we expect the two attributes to be correlated.
We motivate the need for finding appropriate storage mappings with an XML application scenario inspired from the Internet Movie Database IMDB 6. Finally  , the potentially large description element need not be inlined unless it is frequently queried.
In 1 the authors demonstrated an interesting tool for visualizing popular tags of images stored in flickr 2 repository over time. The application helped also users to navigate through the historical content of pages.
Flickr and Panaramio.  In contrast  , a typical visual approach computes the visual similarity between the query image and online geo-tagged photos  , which are widely available for many POIs on the global map e.g.
The reason is that  , as this number increases  , this algorithm has to manage more sorted lists  , and a stopping condition becomes harder to meet. For the IMDB dataset  , SAJ was very much affected by the number of selection conditions.
Do they find them by browsing through the photo streams of their contacts ? How do users find new images on Flickr: do they find them through groups  , or by searching by tags ?
on Gowalla and Netflix data. However  , in several cases  , those two methods fail to provide similar distributions  , e.g.
Two feature functions  , pr and spam  , are only used for the ClueWeb-based settings. Finally  , the feature functions are ordered by averaging their scores across experimental settings and cluster sizes.
However  , the methods presented here can be easily extended to other settings such as Youtube and Netflix assuming the user ratings and timespent data can be collected on these platforms. We model the problem of predicting user retention in reference to the StumbleUpon ecosystem.
However  , full-text of academic literature is often costly or difficult to find  , recommender for scientific articles such as TechLens 1 are not even close to the quality of music and movie recommender such as Last.fm and Netflix  , and researchers having read and annotated hundreds of papers will easily lose track of what was written in which paper . For instance  , digital libraries such as ACM Digital Library help finding relevant literature  , tools like JabRef and Endnote help managing references  , and PDF readers help reading and annotating documents.
We also tried classifying the categories of courses and faculty from the WebKB dataset used by Blum and Mitchell 3 and Fürnkranz 9. to prevent using their original descriptions to help name the clusters.
The algorithm first defines a score between users u and v as follows: The Netflix algorithm cannot be applied directly to our setting  , but is not hard to adapt.
IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media. This problem   , often referred to as the Netflix problem  , has generated a flurry of research in collaborative filtering  , with a variety Copyright is held by the International World Wide Web Conference Committee IW3C2.
the real-valued user and item features. For instance  , for large scale datasets like Netflix 1   , it can take hours to do preference ranking for all users based on the pre-trained preference model of MF i.e.
The underlying Apriori algorithm of the association rule-based mapping MapC has calibration parameters that  , depending on properties of the current data  , may lead to slightly less accurate results. Otherwise  , the purity-based mapping MapB is more stable in experiments with fairly comparable class sizes newsgroups and imdb.
Since this is an overly strong assumption  , one of the paper's authors judged for each tweeted link whether it indeed links to the user's Flickr account. Our intuition is  , that Twitter users who tweet a link to Flickr  , are likely to tweet about their own Flickr account.
KOALA was restricted to the Mediothek inventory  , but used the up-to-date data  , which slightly differed from our copy used in MedioVis. The data was enriched with additional heterogeneous data such as posters and movie ratings of the Internet Movie Database IMDB.
In particular  , the frequency distributions for instagram  , and imdb are demonstrated in Figure 1 bottom according to Google Trends. 1 All four suggestions are popular head queries with comparable historical frequencies.
We use the Reuters 21578 and WebKB datasets and  , following other studies 3  , we define two documents as being similar if they belong to the same category. Baseline 2 -query reformulation: the query is reformulated based on the top 10 TF-IDF ranked terms among the top 10 results for the initial query.
The WebKB dataset was previously used by several researchers for studying webpage and text classification including semisupervised learning and co-training 4  , 27  , 31  , 33 . We describe the datasets available for studying academic homepage classification for the Computer Science discipline.
The reason we did not do the evaluations on the Netflix dataset is  , it only provides the ratings without any attributes or context information about users or items  , which makes it impossible to perform the context-aware algorithm and the CSEL method by manipulating the attributes Mv proposed in this work. They are referred to as D ′ 1 and D ′ 2 for this larger version MovieLens  , respectively.
We argue that this is reasonable accuracy loss  , since the task of replacing real-valued features with hashing code of almost the same length is very challenging. In best cases dim=32 or 40  , the accuracy loss on MovieLens-1M/10M and Netflix is 0.072  , 0.079 and 0.092 for NDCG@10  , which is significantly better than 37.
Queries consist of the concatenation of the entity name and the narrative . We use the ClueWeb Anchor text index that is described in Section 2.
The weights of DNN are learned on ILSVRC-2010 1   , which is a subset of ImageNet 2 dataset with 1.26 million training images from 1 ,000 categories. 1000  , which contains five convolutional layers denoted by C following the number of filters while the last three are fully-connected layers denoted by F following the number of neurons; the max-pooling layers denoted by P  follow the first  , second and fifth convolutional layers; local contrast normalization layers denoted by N  follow the first and second max-pooling layers.
Despite its " standard " character  , the nature and the size of the new Clueweb collection render the task challenging and interesting. The goal of the ad hoc task can be considered as one of the most basic ones in IR: to rank documents according to their relevance to a given query.
The Web Track was composed of two tasks  , a traditional adhoc retrieval task  , and a new diversity task where participants attempted to retrieve documents covering a range of sub topics for each query. Our submissions utilised the Zettair search engine 1 to index and search the Category B subset of the ClueWeb collection used by the Web Track.
Flickr is an online photo sharing platform where users can create online identities and upload and share their photos. This yields more than 174k groups spanning the past 12 years since Flickr's launch.
The IMdb and Amazon datasets are retrieved from www.imdb.com and www.amazon.com 23  , and then transformed into RDF. DBpedia is a structured representation of Wikipedia  , which contains more than 9 million entities of various types  , among them about 50k entities typed as films.
A sapling's leaf node correspond to a set of photos  , and the tag statistics of the leaf are aggregated from that set's constituent photos. On Flickr  , users can attach tags only to photos.
Despite these two aspects  , we use similar concepts to analyse the tag relations. However  , in the case of Flickr  , the vocabulary is unlimited  , and relations between nodes in the graph have an uncontrolled nature.
Both the approach based on sample documents and on source-level estimation can outperform traditional resource selection algorithms in result diversification in both source-level for resource selection and in the document-level for federated document retrieval. An intensive set of empirical studies has been conducted to evaluate the proposed research on the Clueweb federated search dataset.
The empirical evaluation is done on four single-labeled datasets: a " by-date " version of 20Newsgroup  , Reuters-8 For WebKB the settings in 2 are followed. The precision/recall breakeven point BEP is used as a measure of performance.
A common approach to CF is to fit a latent factor model to the data  , e.g.  , latent semantic models 12  , 28  , and matrix factorization models  , which learns a latent feature/factor vector for each user and item in the dataset such that the inner product of these features minimizes an explicit or implicit loss function 5. Most CF approaches in the literature deal with the rating prediction problem  , as defined in the Netflix prize competition 1 .
This approach is a general version of the approach implemented by Stolcke 16. To measure the similarity between the Yelp and Twitter or Flickr and Twitter accounts  , we accumulate the probabilities of each word in the Yelp or Flickr text from the language model of the Twitter account.
We chose on Flickr  , as one of the most widely used data sources in research and conducted an annotation study  , in which we investigated the positional Table 1: Annotation overview. on social Web portals.
Location-aware applications  , such as the ZoneTag application for cameraphones  , 6 automatically geotag photos they upload to Flickr. Various external automatic and manual tools such as GPS synchronization  , other map applications and more can be used to update or input locations for photographs on Flickr.
The Pearson based QPRP consistently provides excellent retrieval performance regardless of the comparison method -and while this is not always better than the optimised PT  , it is not significantly worse  , and in form the surrogate. Furthermore   , while no significance can be calculated for the improvements on TREC 678 due to the number of topics  , improvements over PRP and PT obtained on ClueWeb are statistically significant.
 We rank Flickr pictures based on those proxies and find that such a ranking enjoys three main desirable properties Section 6.  We identify six main qualities that describe the way a city is psychologically perceived Section 4 and quantify those qualities using proxies computed from Flickr and Foursquare data Section 5.
To recommend photostreams we slightly modify the original Flickr photo-focused interface  , shown in Fig. 2 Sample Flickr pages from the user http://www.flickr.com/photos/bombeador.
The remaining independent variables were collected from the Flickr system. To ensure the integrity of our data  , all scales were validated a second time.
The flat structure of " folksonomies " 11 long lists of simple tags are useful for serendipitous browsing. Its difficult to predict how Flickr  , del.icio.us  , and other folksonomy-dependent sites will scale as content volume escalates.
Despite the rising popularity of those Web services  , research on in folksonomies is still at an early stage. Many popular Web services rely on folksonomies including delicious del.icio.us and flickr flickr.com.
It contains 25 ,000 images and provides the raw tags of these images on Flickr. The dataset we use for our experiments is MIRFlickr 25000 8 which is constructed by images and tags downloaded from Flickr.
For multiword expressions such as ClueWebations for ClueWeb-B when nit = 15 is 7.02 which is orders of magnitude less than nit|Γ| = 150. From a query-by-query analysis  , we noticed that QLM-IDF increases the performance for noisy queries by promoting the most " important " terms in unnecessary subsets.
We note  , however  , that due to differences between our system's retrieved results and the contents of the ClueWeb collection  , these results can only be considered an estimate. With nDCG@10 expected to be between 0.3 and 0.4  , it is clear that the system is good  , though not substantially better than the top quartile of submitted systems' RL1 baselines Table 2.
Sampling from the recommender distribution: As was mentioned earlier  , one of the challenges of fitting such a model correctly is approximating our recommender distribution to perform the Metropolis-Hastings sampling. As seen in Table 2where smaller predictive probability is better  , CoBaFi fits the data much better than BPMF for both Netflix-24k and BeerAdvocate.
Recommendation techniques are currently powering many successful online services  , including but not limited to product recommendation at Amazon  , movie recommendation at Netflix  , video recommendation at Hulu  , music recommendation at Pandora  , etc. Due to its commercial values as well as the research challenges  , Recommender System has been extensively studied both in industry and academia during the past decade.
Figures 6 and 7 show our demo system for retrieval on Flickr images and Amazon products  , respectively. User can click on an image to find similar images according to the scores also computed by SimLearn.
For Named Entity Recognition NER we used the Stanford tagger Finkel et al.  , 2005 which resulted in almost 2 billion unique entities. The main challenge this year was to construct a related entity finding system that runs on the complete ClueWeb Cat A collection.
They find the photo of Janice's birthday celebration on her Flickr account  , on Fred's Flickr account  , and on Vivienne's blog. They purchase photos they like for $10 each for use in the club's online publicity.
We downloaded the descriptions of 2410 random movies from the IMDb database.  Synthetic IMDb Hierarchies.
Explore page is meant to showcase the best images on Flickr. A user can browse Flickr via the links between these pages or go to the Explore page  , which shows the 500 most " interesting " images uploaded on any given day.
The results on MovieLens  , EachMovie and Netflix data sets are reported in Table 2  , Table 3and Table 4   , respectively . For Tree and fMF  , we apply 4-fold cross validation to determine the parameters.
Thus  , following previous work 5   , we have filtered out spam documents from the collections. Clueweb collections contain substantial number of spam documents.
After submitting their rating  , they were presented with a buffer screen containing thirty DVD covers   , and had to click to continue to the subsequent week; this aimed at diverting users' attention before presenting them with the next week's recommendations. They were then offered the first week's recommendations  , represented as a list of ten movie titles and the relative DVD covers and IMDB links and asked to rate these top-10 recommendations on a 1-5 star scale.
Statistics on average degree connectivity and graph size for the different Flickr entities are reported in Table 2. The BrowseGraph we extract from the Flickr sessions has about 50 Million nodes 95 Million arcs  , with in a very low graph density of around 3.8 · 10 −8 .
RMIT submitted four distinct runs to Medical TREC three of which were used for pooling and therefore judged. Plenty of IR techniques that have been tested successfully in general IR on large collections such as clueweb and legal track  , are yet to be evaluated on the medical dataset 4.
Similarly  , our methods show superior performance in Figure 8c  , with the absolute precision slightly dropped due to sparser data distributions. On the other hand  , our methods SRA and HPA greatly outperform existing approaches and HPA even achieves 100% precision for Netflix data.
Our efforts reveal that for a particular product  , the following factors are among the most indicative: 1 the sales performance of the immediately preceding periods  , 2 the sentiments expressed in the reviews  , and last but not least 3 the quality of the reviews. To this end  , we examined an IMDB movie review dataset along with the corresponding daily box office revenues  , and conducted several preliminary experiments to evaluate the correlation between the candidate factors and the sales performance.
Answers question page in the search results once seeing it. Answers question page in the SERPs  , 81% of the searchers who turned to More likely in SearchAsk queries Words to  , a  , be  , i  , how  , do  , my  , can  , what  , on  , in  , the  , for  , have  , get  , with  , you  , if  , yahoo  , it First words how  , what  , can  , be  , why  , i  , do  , my  , where  , yahoo  , if  , when  , 0000  , a  , will  , 00  , best  , who  , which  , should Content words yahoo  , 00  , use  , 0  , work  , song  , old  , help  , make  , need  , like  , change  , year  , good  , long  , mail  , answer  , email  , want  , know More likely in SearchOnly queries Words facebook  , youtube  , google  , lyric  , craigslist  , free  , online  , new  , bank  , game  , map  , ebay  , county  , porn  , tube  , coupon  , recipe  , home  , city  , park First words facebook  , youtube  , google  , craigslist  , ebay  , the  , you  , gmail  , casey  , walmart  , amazon  , *rnrd  , justin  , facebook .com  , mapquest  , netflix  , face  , fb  , selena  , home Content words facebook  , youtube  , google  , craigslist  , lyric  , free  , bank  , map  , ebay  , online  , county  , porn  , tube  , coupon  , recipe  , anthony  , weather  , login  , park  , ca Therefore  , users in SearchAsk sessions are about twice as likely as in SearchOnly sessions to click on a Yahoo!
examined the spreading of picture tags in Flickr and developed a statistical test to distinguish social influence causality from correlation 2. Anagnostopoulos et al.
The idea of using explicit user feedback is motivated by the success of online reviewing/rating systems such as Flickr 2   , Netflix 3   , and YouTube 4   , which have demonstrated that millions of users are willing to provide explicit ratings about items. This paper proposes using explicit user ratings to generate an " intelligent " faceted search interface that selects facets and facet-values automatically to create an interface tailored to a user's preferences.
The lower lift for CG-WT on the dense Flickr graph can be attributed to the propagation probability  , which is inversely proportional to node degree in the WT assignment. For Flickr ,CG-UNI outperforms other algorithms by as much as a factor of 6.
We then created a set of X shared objects at random based on the representative distribution given by the 2410 objects from IMDb. Hierarchy H 1 is based on one of the orderings and H 2 on the other.
70k patents and 10k ClueWeb documents. So far in our experiments  , we have computed DO and HSA using a relatively large set of query based relevance scores e.g.
In contrast  , GC does not critically depend on the link structure in the training data and thus performs well also with small training sets. OhAlg shows poor performance on IMDB because its rationale of incorporating weighted features from neighbors overreacts to the noise in the training data.
They find that most users are motivated to tag photos for organisation for the general public. Their investigation focuses on the use of the ZoneTag 2  , 24 application in combination with Flickr  , where users can upload and annotate photos to Flickr using their mobile phones.
This metric gauges the ability of each model to replicate the human aesthetic preferences on non-popular Flickr images. tual votes from the crowd.
Can walkable streets be identified by walkability-related photo tags  ? Therefore  , for each street segment i  , we compute a z-transformed walkability score from Flickr tags:
For each picture  , we summarize its popularity statistics of number of views  , favorites  , and comments. We gather a random sample of ∼7M geo-referenced Flickr pictures within the bounding box of Central London.
2 Sample Flickr pages from the user http://www.flickr.com/photos/bombeador. The great majority of the users preferred additional rows of thumbnails over the original Flickr interface  79% against 9%  , 12% no opinion.
Using this df-limit strategy reduces the sequential time by 35.3x or more for Twitter and by 5.1x for YMusic. After sampling a 8M ClueWeb dataset  , 49 words with document frequency above 200 ,000 are excluded in web page comparison and the sequential time is shortened by 11x.
In Flickr the notion of acquaintance is modelled through contacts; we used an undirected version of this network  , where vertices correspond to users and there is an edge connecting x and y whenever either vertex is recorded as a contact of the other one. We turned this dataset into a directed graph  , whose nodes represent people and with an arc from x to y whenever y was the recipient of at least a message sent by x. Flickr: Flickr 18 is an online community where users can share photographs and videos.
We then provide details on how we generated the ground truth for the tags in the dataset  , and the results of the evaluation. We begin by describing the Flickr data used in our evaluation .
 A web dataset containing about 50 million web pages  , randomly selected from the Clueweb collection distributed by 3. The average number of features per vector is 18.32.
Favorites photos are publicly visible from each user's profile page. Finally  , to collect evidence of information flow over a social network   , we collected information on the favorite photos of the Flickr users.
We present two novel methods for external cluster validation: 1 ad hoc relevance; and 2 spam classification . No topical labels are available for ClueWeb  , and it is nigh impossible to generate the labels for a large scale web crawl for millions of categories.
As to topics for which the difference between best and median performance was the largest: it seems difficult to define any pattern. Topics for which median performance in terms of opinion finding MAP was high consisted mostly of named entities  " Heineken " 883  , " netflix " 863  , " Ann Coulter " 854  , whereas low-scoring topics included a mix of such entities along with high-level concepts  " cholesterol " 899  , " Business Intelligence Resources " 898.
This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5.
Matrix factorization is the basis for building extended models such as collective matrix factorization  , and our proposed model  , HETEROMF. The last approach 7 won the Netflix grand $1M prize 10 .
See Section 3.1 for more details on how precision and recall were computed. We manually checked any instances not found in the Gazetteer or the IMDB to ensure that they were indeed errors .
7a  , to place more emphasis on recommended streams. To recommend photostreams we slightly modify the original Flickr photo-focused interface  , shown in Fig.
These datasets differ from each other in a series of features. We investigate the tag sets in Flickr and del.icio.us due both to their popularity with a large number of resources  , users  , and tags and availability.
It provides user-created metadata rather than the professional created and author created metadata 2. flickr 4  and the broad Delicious folksonomy in 33.
21  address a similar problem of automatic tag suggestion in the Flickr portal by using a co-occurrence measure for assessing tag relatedness. Sigurbjörnsson et al.
We now briefly describe these data sets and the subsets we extracted for our experiments. The first source we use is the Internet Movie Database IMDB 7  , and the second is the Open Directory Project ODP 14.
There is no necessity to maintain histograms for non-frequent combinations  , because they will be scanned through after the first batch of scan steps anyway. This approach yields about 75 ,000 histograms for INEX and 118 ,000 for IMDB for tag-term pairs A  , a i  with ef A a i  > 100.
The original set-up of the competition set the stage for much following research. The Netflix Prize competition 1 was a seminal event in recommender systems research.
Standard mechanisms often do not meet this demand. The demand for more expressive mechanisms is reflected in the richness of preferences offered by web applications as diverse as matchmaking sites  , sites like Amazon and NetFlix  , and services like Google's AdSense.
However  , in many other settings it finds significant shortcomings. Flickr.
In addition  , Netflix also provides a set of validation data with 1 ,408 ,395 ratings. The released training data consists of 100 ,480 ,507 ratings from 480 ,189 users on 17 ,770 movies.
users can either create groups while browsing the web via bookmarklet  , or they use integrated search engines like Flickr or Google to search for content that they like to add to a group. GroupMe!
We did not further tune the engines used as we are not primarily interested in designing a system with the best performance for single queries. Thus we only return results from a 30% fraction of the ClueWeb that have the lowest " probability " of being spam pages.
For the work in this paper we used a subset of these photos for which the geolocation tags were accurate to within about a city block as reported by the Flickr metadata  , consisting of 33 ,393 ,835 photos by 307 ,448 users. In total we retrieved 60 ,742 ,971 photos taken by 490 ,048 Flickr users.
The BrowseGraph just outlined contains the information about user navigation paths and browsing behavior within Flickr. Next  , we describe the algorithm and the way in which we adapted it to the Flickr BrowseGraph.
This suggests that  , when participants are presented with a scenario that they find unrealistic  , results can be affected in unexpected ways. Specifically  , the " current news " and " netflix " queries show a statistically significant preference for domain contacts  , in addition to the " HPMovies " and " Twitter " queries.
For the Wikipedia dataset based on ClueWeb  , the proposed model also consistently outperforms SFI and LR. It also demonstrates the advantage of using the mixture model of multiple sets of weights over the logistic regression model that uses only one single set of combination weights.
Previous studies have reported much higher reciprocity on other social networking services: 68% on Flickr 4 and 84% on Yahoo! We call those r-friends of a user as they reciprocate a user's following.
Finally  , to investigate the influence of social networks on the quality of signals  , we developed a statistical study on the distribution of social signals for each social network in both relevant and irrelevant documents. Experimental evaluation conducted on IMDb dataset shows that taking into account these social features in a textual model improves the quality of returned search results.
We conduct experiments using a large-scale data collection from Flickr. To measure these effects  , we design a series of features to capture the various aspects of groups that can affect their longevity.
The task of Entity List Completion is defined as follow. Unlike main task in Entity Track where entities are represented by the homepage of the entity in Clueweb dataset  , here they are represented using a Uniform Resource IdentifierURI within the LOD.
After learning the parameters  , some interesting insights can be gained on the behavior of users in Epinions and Flickr. Each generated SRN consists of the same number of actions as the real data.
Netflix item counts and MovieLens item/edge counts. Our methods SRA and HPA provide the lowest MSE error except in three cases  , i.e.
For example  , online stores  , such as Amazon and Netflix  , provide customized recommendations for additional products or services based on a user's history. Personalization is the future of the Web  , and it has achieved great success in industrial applications.
Flickr API supports search criteria including tag  , time  , GPS range  , etc. We select several representative topics including Landscape  , Activity  , Manhattan  , National Park  , Festival  , Car and Food. We crawl the images with GPS locations through Flickr API 1 .
The pure collaborative filtering approach was much better in performance and also in terms of prediction quality. In previous experiments that were conducted by various users in connection with the Netflix Prize 7 it turned out that sole collaborative filtering outperformed all approaches that tried to enrich the data set with background information.
The project team worked with five contributors to the IMLS DCC aggregation  , diverse cultural heritage institutions ranging from large academic archives to small public libraries  , to create the IMLS DCC Flickr photostream. The Flickr Feasibility Study FFS is an experimental service developed by the IMLS Digital Collections and Content DCC project to facilitate participation by cultural heritage institutions in Web 2.0 spaces such as Flickr.
There are tens of millions of distinct words found in the posts of the three social network accounts  , and many do not appear across all three accounts only 200 ,000 of the roughly 40 million casesensitive words in Twitter  , along with punctuation  , appear in Yelp and Flickr. If we remove punctuation and disregard case  , we have 394 distinct words per Twitter account  , 218 per Yelp account and 480 per Flickr account.
Code is available at https://github.com/li-xirong/hierse That is  , using Flickr tags to train the semantic space  , and using partial match to embed a WordNet node into the space.
For example  , Level 3 contracted with Netflix for content delivery and Comcast managed to charge Level 3 and Limelight via paidpeering contracts for delivering Netflix's traffic to Comcast's customer base faster 23. Although access and transit ISPs traditionally do not have business relationships with APs explicitly  , with the emergence of video streaming APs  , e.g.  , Netflix  , we have seen more and more APs' direct or indirect contracts with the access and transit ISPs.
During the judging process we also identified 442 negative no-spam training examples. spam training examples  , we manually jugded sampled hostnames from the ClueWeb corpus and found another 75 spam hosts  , thus in total we have 371 positive spam examples with 10 or more documents.
The Netflix data set contains 480K users and 18K movies. We also report results on a data set derived from the Netflix prize data 6   , one of the most famous public data sets for recommendation.
The second real dataset is taken from the Internet Movie Database IMDB 1   , which contains information about movies and television shows  , and ratings of these by actual users. In this dataset  , the house price is an unconstrained attribute.
First  , we investigate the effects of punctuation and case-sensitivity of words. After removing words that do not appear in both Yelp and Twitter  , or Flickr and Twitter  , we conduct two investigations based on the aforementioned points.
out to be the most useful resource  , and it significantly improves the quality by helping with question entity identification and candidate ranking. Table 5: Average Recall R  , Precision P  , and F1 of Text2KB with and without features based on web search results  , CQA data and ClueWeb collection.
When we consider the entity as a query  , and urls found in 'External links' as ranked pages a Mean Reciprocal Rank of 0.768 is attained for finding the home pages. These assessments contain 60 relevant Wikipedia pages with at least one linked website in the Clueweb collection.
Compared to common datasets used in the relational learning literature  , such as IMBd  , WebKB or Cora 13  , our dataset has a much smaller amount of linkage. However  , the majority of the threads are short  , containing 2 or 3 emails  , and most messages have at most one child.
7 located Flickr photos by identifying landmarks via visual  , temporal and textual features. Crandall et al.
Map-based entry of location is not the only possible source of photo location. Flickr has 16 levels of accuracy ranging from the most general level 1 to the most accurate street level  , 16.
Figure 1a shows collections created by an avid naturalist on Flickr. We found that most users group " similar " or " related " photos into the same set  , and group related sets into the same collection.
If the tag is 'caught' using the mouse pointer during its journey left  , it displays more Flickr photos with this tag. As each tag 'flows' from right to left  , it displays one photo from Flickr with this tag.
IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media. Industry-wise  , recommendation algorithms are now powering many popular online services  , including but not limited to movie recommendation at Netflix  , news recommendation at Yahoo !  , music recommendation at Spotify  , game recommendation at Copyright is held by the International World Wide Web Conference Committee IW3C2.
Users are invited to help describe the photographs you discover in The Commons on Flickr  , either by adding tags or leaving comments. " 5 " The key goals of The Commons on Flickr are to firstly show users hidden treasures in the world's public photography archives  , and secondly to show how users' input and knowledge can help make these collections even richer.
Note that although the networks Flickr-E and Flickr-S are defined over the same base of users  , they have different number of nodes due to the removal of singleton nodes. Notice that the Jaiku network is significantly smaller than the other three  , on the other hand  , the Y!360 network is the sparsest of all.
as being in some sense 'their' videos  , in that the students could access the videos for reviewing . Students also considered videos that they had viewed through large online collections such as YouTube through channel subscriptions  , Netflix  , etc.
The three datasets DBLP  , WebKB and Eprints can be treated as " capture " samples for estimating the population of academic homepages in Computer Science CS domain. Nevertheless  , given the richness of information present in them  , efficient techniques for accurately identifying them become even more crucial.
Using the Lemur Toolkit 4.10 we indexed these collections  , where stemming was applied and stop words removed. To study the effectiveness of the strategies proposed in the previous section  , we evaluate the QPRP in the context of subtopic retrieval  , employing the TREC 678 interactive collection with the subtopics judgements described in 9  , and the recent ClueWeb collection part B only  , along with the topics defined for the Web diversity track.
The results suggest that only on a corpus where the number of unrelated user-feature pairs is much larger than the number of related pairs  , such as on the Netflix data set  , the proposed technique will get a significant improvement over standard EM. Thus the two learning algorithms perform similarly.
The new algorithm is statistical significantly better than EM algorithm at iterations 2 -10. Figure 2: Performance on a Netflix subset with 1 ,000 users.
The estimated value of ϕt ,1 is 0.91 for Epinions and 0.9 for Flickr which means that the effect of transitivity is much more important than selection in both data sets. This indicates that in the Flickr data set  , users tend to create more social relations compared to adding photos to their favorites list.
In total we retrieved 60 ,742 ,971 photos taken by 490 ,048 Flickr users. This crawl was performed during a six-month period in the summer and fall of 2008.
The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is a Java program that allows users to mark-up webpages with the SHOE ontology. The approaches from this line of research that are closest to CREAM is the SHOE Knowledge Annotator 10 and the WebKB annotation tool.
The Netflix prize was a well publicized competition to build a better personalized video recommender system  , but there again no actual image analysis is taking place 17.   , and their ontology is hand-crafted.
Based on a representative sample of Flickr  , we have extracted tag co-occurrence statistics  , which in combination with the two tag aggregation strategies  , and the promotion function allowed us to build a highly effective system for tag recommendation. Based on our observations   , we introduced a novel and generic method for recommending tags  , i.e.  , our approach deploys the collective knowledge that resides in Flickr without introducing tagclass specific heuristics.
The probabilistic matrix factorization technique in 23 was also developed for movie recommendations in Netflix 20  to predict user ratings on movies. In 22  , it was shown that recommendations using probabilistic modeling outperform other approaches in terms of precision.
We observed 2.5 million Flickr users and 33 million links  , an estimated 25% of the entire Flickr network. We crawled the Flickr social network graph once per day for the period of 104 consecutive days from November 2–December 3  , 2006 and February 3–May 18  , 2007.
Their use for predicting photograph ratings  , which serve as proxies for aesthetic quality 16  , has been previously suggested in 13  , 17. prediction of movie ratings using IMDb user comments 14  , 9.
This can be interpreted by the high average user contribution in these two data sets  , where our methods inflict more data loss by limiting individual data in the sampled database. Netflix item counts and MovieLens item/edge counts.
Similarly  , if one wishes to perform collaborative filtering on data from sites such as Amazon or NetFlix  , the algorithms need to scale to tens of millions of users. The number of distinct search queries issued over a single week to any large search engine is in the tens of millions.
266M triples including Linked IMDb 2 for the benchmark related to IMDb  , Billion i.e. In our context  , we used the RDF versions of three datasets: DBPedia i.e.
For example  , Netflix has released an interesting fact that about 75% of its subscribers watch are from recommendations. Recommendation plays an important role in many fields and has attracted a lot of research interest.
Our candidate document pool was set similar to the previous experiments. We used related queries from the Van Dang-Croft 10 method Q on the ClueWeb '09 anchor text  , where the starting seed for the random walk would use the most similar anchor text to the query by TFIDF-weighted cosine if an exact match was not available.
The photos are selected from six different institutes. We crawl 32 ,132 comments written on 11 ,130 photos on Flickr Commons.
sub-section  , we demonstrate the superiority of our self-tuning technique by Flickr photos collections. This is not only valuable to the clustering problem i.e.  , POIs identification  but also to other trip related mining problems.
The geographical location was automatically captured by location aware camera  , mobile phone  , or manually input by some tool in Flickr. In this work  , we consider the collection of geo-and timetagged photos on Flickr.
Flickr  , del.icio.us  , Technorati. User-supplied " tags "   , textual labels assigned to content  , have been a powerful and useful feature in many social media and Web applications e.g.
This optional step is omitted for CiteSeer since the speedup is insignificant. As for m  , the number of nonzero elements in term vectors  , we let m = 10 for Wikipedia and Flickr.
We observe that the optimal value of C is dependent on the dataset  , with BlogCatalog needing a softer SVM than Flickr. C has a significant influence on the performance  , as confirmed by Mann-Withney U test.
A host of academic and industrial incarnations of recommender systems exist in domains such as movies Netflix  , music Pandora  , and ecommerce product recommendations eBay  , Amazon. Recommender systems are popular research topics in the information retrieval community.
Obviously  , we can see that DLFlickr is even far below than the method DL trained on ImageNet without transfer learning  , which indicates the large percentage of noises in the user-provided tags in Flickr. 6shows the NDCG of different approaches for tagging personal photos.
study the role media popularity and the strength of social links play in the rate that media diffuses the Flickr social network 13. Cha et al.
Groups in Flickr are self-organized communities to share photos and conversations with common interests. Flickr offers a number of ways for users to browse and find photos  , such as exploring or searching through members  , tags  , groups or interesting photos.
Tables 3-5 show the high-precision results on TREC123  , TREC4-Kmeans and ClueWeb-Wiki respectively . We now present the high-precision results on the above three testbeds.
Our approach to annotating YouTube videos is to start with a very lightweight conceptual model  , which will be extended once the game will have generated a wealth of data. Therefore  , we had a close look at the search interface of IMDB in order to model a very simple video content ontology.
The Wikipedia base run with only links throws out a number of primary Wikipedia pages that do not have a link to a Clueweb page. The Wikipedia based runs retrieve the most primary pages  , homepages as well as Wikipedia pages.
Thus  , Figure 11is another method for comparing web site efficiency. Sites with low 'others' such as Apple and IMDB spend much of their energy on web elements and will not gain much from improvements in wireless technology.
Their familiarity with these common usages resulted in a general agreement on the concept: the more stars there were  , the higher the quality. Subjects constantly associated query starratings with hotel and restaurant stars and other product reviews and ratings such as those that appear in Netflix and Amazon.
The IMDb was used frequently by one participant  , occasionally by nine participants  , and never by eight participants. Identification Points generally receive the greatest number of fixations when people are viewing the page  , supporting the fact they play an important role in intra-page navi- gation.
Online photo sharing website Flickr offers creation of a list of friends through Yahoo! Most social networking sites enable limited access control through explicitly creating a " friends' list. "
For our experiments  , we used the data for all users and images that are affiliated with FlickrCentral  , the largest group on Flickr. Flickr users also have the option to create and join groups  , where people can post images and comments.
 AtM-IMDB is a bipartite actors-to-movies network. Each item belongs to one or more hierarchically organized categories  , and products from the same category define a group which is a " ground truth " community.
To explore this potential  , we examine correlating Yelp reviews and Flickr photo descriptions with Twitter posts. This approach builds on existing work that demonstrate that free-form text can exhibit characteristics sufficiently unique to identify an author 15.
For our experiments we considered only triples with at least 95% confidence and removed facts that contain numeric expressions  , e.g. Unlike the smaller Reverb Wikipedia extractions data set 0.4 million  , ClueWeb is larger and contains more domain independent facts  , thereby providing a generalized setting for our approach.
The maximum visit times extracted from Flickr have a large variation compared to HAA MAX values and are  , with few exceptions bigger than the corresponding HAA MIN values. The FLICKR AVG is closer to HAA MIN for high values of HAA MIN  , indicating that tourists tend to spend less time than expected visiting sites to which human experts assign a long minimum visit time.
In general  , structured portals are appealing because they can provide users with powerful capabilities for searching  , querying  , aggregating  , browsing  , and monitoring community information. As another example  , the Internet Movie Database IMDB extracts and integrates actor and movie information to create an ER graph that captures relationships among these entities.
The components of the ambience vector are represented in discretized form for ease of computation. These data are retrieved from Flickr API and an online weather service.
Otherwise  , the purity-based mapping MapB is more stable in experiments with fairly comparable class sizes newsgroups and imdb. In such cases the overlap mapping MapA tends to produce slightly better results.
To make the NASA maps comparable  , we downsample them to this same resolution by averaging the high confidence observations within the coarser bin. However  , because the number of photos uploaded to Flickr on any particular day and at any given spatial location is relatively low  , and because of imprecision in Flickr geo-tags  , we produce estimates at a coarser resolution of 1 degree square  , or roughly 100 × 100km 2 .
We used related queries from the Van Dang-Croft 10 method Q on the ClueWeb '09 anchor text  , where the starting seed for the random walk would use the most similar anchor text to the query by TFIDF-weighted cosine if an exact match was not available. As labeled data we used the TREC Web data from 2010 and 2011  , by converting the graded relevance scores for relevant and above from the {1  , 2  , 3} scale to { 1 3   , 1  , 1}.
Analysis of the impact of feature selection on clustering effectiveness in section 4.5 will show overall best results were obtained with 1  , 000 features in WebKB  , 20News  , and RCV1 collections. We first present results using k-means clustering with various weighting schemes and with 1  , 000 features in sections 4.1 -4.4.
This can be attributed to the structure of the WebKB corpus and the quality of the seed documents. BRFS performance matched or exceeded in some cases SS1 and BL.
Figure 7.1shows the rankings of the desired tuple set on Art and BN after pre-generating wrappers on varying numbers of other websites. Second  , we repeatedly generated wrappers on randomly selected websites in our set excluding BN and Art  , of course  , and also excluding IMDb which as mentioned had a very different extraction scenario than the others  , and measured how the ranking of the desired tuple sets for BN and Art was impacted by having first trained the system on these other sites.
Our approach can be considered complementary to the above systems  , in the sense that not only do we provide a methodology to define ontologies enriched with thesaurus hierarchies  , but also the choice of RDF as the representation language enables their exchange in a machine readable format. The WebKB set of tools 29 builds on a terminological ontology and conceptual graphs to represent and index documents .
3 report MAP=0.1605 for a tuned language model baseline with the Web 2009 track queries on Clueweb cat. The baseline performance is among the highest reported in the literature for these setings; for instance Bendersky et al.
Again  , FullModel is clearly the closest to the real data set in both Flickr and Epinions. Table 5 also shows the percentage of user pairs for which we can compute the similarity in each comparison partner.
These annotations can be shared with others. URIs in delicious  , or images in flickr.
For the IMDB dataset it is about 4.5 for the explicitly-connected teams  , and about 3.3 for the implicitly-connected teams. One characteristic of the solutions we obtain for the diameter is that the average team size remains constant for all values of λ.
Similar to Wikipedia categories  , Flickr user groups are also overlapping. Flickr user groups are collected as ground truth.
This approach was adapted to create the ImageNet database 6  , where the Amazon Mechanical Turk platform was used to manually clean a large set of candidate images. One possible approach is to invest a considerable amount of money and pay for each judgement.
The best performing Flickr result was for Topic 15  , with MAP 0.1255; 11 topics had a maximum performance greater than 0.02  , suggesting that while the average performance across all Flickr images is poor  , there are images that perform better than the average. Boxplots for each of the 60 topics are shown in Figure 3  , showing the performance range for each query.
develop a model of network evolution using four large datasets: Flickr  , Delicious   , Yahoo! Recently  , evolution models of social networks have received much attention: J. Leskovec et al.
This may be representative of the situation where entity classes are not that well covered by specialized entity repositories as opposed to the coverage of the most popular entity classes in Wikipedia. For instance  , it contains far less Wikipedia entities than those which are the part of the ClueWeb B collection.
In the KBS system  , we chose to directly integrate the categories as special nodes in the graph. This may be seen in Figure 2  , where the " Movies " domain is boxed and labeled " domain "   , Input seeds movies  , cinema Output descriptors movies  , cinema  , films  , actor   , dvd  , showtimes  , trailers  , imdb
As shown in Figure 10 we compared the performance of oneand two-dimensional histograms for the IMDB data set. For the experiments using joint distributions we assume all combinations of two attribute joint distributions gP DFis are available as described in Section 4.6.
The figure also marks the improvement percentage contributed by Stage 1 and Stage 2 respectively. Parallel time with two-stage assignment is about 23.2 hours for Twitter  , 14 hours for ClueWeb  , and 1.7 hours for YMusic respectively.
Because of the low document-level selectivity of path conditions on IMDB  , the structural constraint tests using range scans on the Elements table to get the pre/post codings were much more expensive than for INEX so that random access scheduling became very crucial. There are 106 ,970 distinct twig and 3 ,404 distinct path structures in INEX compared to only 3 ,859 distinct twigs and 111 distinct path structures in IMDB.
15 proposed an image tag suggestion tool based on mining of location tags from Flickr photos. Moxley et al.
 We identify six main qualities that describe the way a city is psychologically perceived Section 4 and quantify those qualities using proxies computed from Flickr and Foursquare data Section 5. In so doing  , we make the following main contributions:  We gather geo-referenced Flickr pictures and contextual variables e.g.  , weather conditions in the city of London Section 3.
To test whether those results are observed only for Flickr-datarich streets  , we see how the previous two correlations safety-manhood and safety-age change for streets that differ from the number of Flickr users they have. The same correlation holds for median age.
The networks are trained in the source domain i.e.  , ImageNet  , with about 650 images for each of the 272 concepts and about 180 ,000 training images in total. Deep learning with no transfer DL 14: A deep learning approach with five convolutional layers and three fully connected layers.
MovieLens Data: This data set was created by combining the relevance judgments from the MovieLens9 data set with documents from the Internet Movie Database IMDB. Similar to MovieLens  , we considered documents with likeability scores of 4 or 5 as relevant.
Examining the details  , we find that many users leave comments for participating in Flickr group activities  " Good work! One 3 has 1 ,891 comments but only 4 ,115 views; the other 4 has 1 ,276 comments but only 3 ,299 views.
The classification results of the WebKB dataset and the Newsgroup dataset are listed in are a few categories whose F 1 measurements are extremely low. This observation indicates that the proposed active learning algorithm is effective and robust for large-scale text categorization of WWW documents.
In contrast  , the ClueWeb-B collection is stemmed using the Krovetz stemmer  , which is a " light " stemmer   , as it makes use of inflectional linguistic morphology 19 and is especially suitable for web collections where aggressive stemming can decrease precision at top ranks 31. For the Robust04 and Gov2 collections  , a standard Porter stemmer is used.
As the number of tuples in different tables may be different  , we normalize the entropy of an element asˆHasˆ asˆH HT itle is also greater than HKeywords considering all tuples in original IMDB data set.
For the obligatory run using the ClueWeb09 collection we indexed the ClueWeb collection with Indri 2 and used the embedded stoplist along with the standard Krovetz stemmer. The 100 top ranked web pages were downloaded  , cleaned of HTML tags and parsed in sentences.
The personalized content for each individual is determined using various metrics such as click behavior  , collaborative filtering and cookies. A variety of services and platforms on the digital web  , right from movies on Netflix to navigation routes on GPS Waze are personalized based on what you like and what you did.
However  , informal reports from Flickr users suggest that users rarely delete any of their favorite marked photos. First  , our methodology does not take into account any deleted favorite marking.
For the IMDB collection  , we generated an XML document for each of the movies available at the Internet Movie Database www.imdb.com. An example query is //article.//bibl "QBIC" and .//p"image retrieval".
Note that  , in all the graphs that we present  , the estimation error at the smallest summary size corresponds to the label-split graph synopsis. Figure 4depicts the estimation error of XSKETCHes for the IMDB and XMark data sets as a function of the synopsis size.
Similar comparisons apply to the nDCG@5 measure. In terms of AP@5  , the two CCF models gain about 52.8%–53.6% improvements compared to the two CF models on the Social data  , and by 37.0%–37.8% on Netflix-5 star.
We focus on queries with person entities as answers. We evaluate the quality of our entity ranking on 3 datasets: TREC Question Answering benchmark  , Wikipedia data and IMDB data.
On the other  , although ImageNet 6 can provide accurate supervised information  , the two significant gaps  , i.e.  , the semantic distribution and visual appearance gaps between the two domains pose grand challenges to personal photo tagging. On one hand  , although some photo sharing websites such as Flickr 3 can provide a huge number of personal photos and user-contributed tags  , this data is not appropriate as supervised information  , as half of the user-contributed tags are noises to the image content 4.
10 exploited a user's social context on Flickr in the recommendation process by combining different contexts  , such as a user's tagging history   , their social circles and groups they are members of. Rae et al.
2 ClueWeb dataset containing about 40 million web pages  , randomly selected from the ClueWeb collection 5 . Dataset includes 20 million real user tweets and additional 80 million synthetic data generated based on the distribution pattern of the real Twitter data but with different dictionary words.
Hyperlinks of the photostreams which the current photo belongs to are listed red box  , thumbnails are displayed only for the current photostream green box. a Original Flickr.
The number of times that each photo was favorite-ed could not be reliably extracted via the Flickr API  , and so was added manually. This snapshot of use was created in January 2012.
The average tag co-occurrence on other Flickr images is deemed as one domain  , and their content correlation as another domain . The relevance of the tags is represented in two domains.
7 In a fashion similar to Flickr  , PARAgrab supports adding and removing picture tags. Caching is performed at regular intervals to reflect the dynamic nature of the database.
The dataset was obtained from the IMDB Website by collecting 28 ,353 reviews for 20 drama films released in the US from May 1  , 2006 to September 1  , 2006  , along with their daily gross box office revenues. Experiments were conducted on an IMDB dataset to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed approach by comparing the prediction accuracy of ARSA using S-PLSA + and that of the original ARSA.
Leveraging a graph-structured knowledge base such as the Internet Movie Database IMDB 2 allows for identification of movies and disambiguation of  , e.g.  , actor names in movie reviews when referenced only by their ambiguous surname. Movie reviews and queries for them reference movies or actors directly and indirectly  , e.g.  , by co-occurrence of a actor's real and cast name.
investigated generic methods for placing photographs on Flickr on the world map 24. Some works have targeted collaborative bookmarking data  , as Flickr does  , from a spatiotemporal perspective: Serdyukov et al.
Both used a python ORE library implemented during the project. Secondly  , the Flickr website's holdings were mapped into ORE through the use of their web service API.
In order to improve the efficiency of indexing and retrieval  , we use a Hadoop cluster which consists of 10 PC to preprocess the Clueweb corpus. We borrow the methods used in Ivory Platform 3 which is a a Hadoop toolkit for web-scale information retrieval research.
This includes popular photos on trendy social events or pictures about popular fun facts or peculiar subjects. BrowseRank and PageRank  , instead  , overshadow a bit the very popular content inside Flickr to provide images with higher semantic variety and with apparently stronger interest from a broader part of the Web outside of Flickr.
In addition   , many photos are geotagged using GPS logs or locationaware devices for a review of techniques for geo-referencing photos  , see 22 . Flickr employs various means for its users to geo-reference or  , " geotag "  their photographs – most prominently  , Flickr supplies a map interface through which users can " drag " their photos to the map locations where the photos were taken.
They were then offered the first week's recommendations  , represented as a list of ten movie titles and the relative DVD covers and IMDB links and asked to rate these top-10 recommendations on a 1-5 star scale. The users were first queried for demographic data.
In order to test our framework on search diversity  , we use the data from the TREC diversity task  , namely  , the ClueWeb collection category B  , the topic data  , and the relevance assessments from the TREC 2009 and 2010 editions 9 . in 21.
Flickr is an extremely popular online photosharing site. property.
On the UM and IMDb pages  , the header/title Identification Points appear to serve this purpose. Are there any other objects that people consistently fixate within a short time of entering the page  , that may potentially serve as a Reference Point ?
After creating a dictionary of smell-related words  , we matched those words with social media metadata e.g.  ,  Flickr and Instagram tags. 2015.
Unlike MudRecS  , Belkor and Ensemble were specifically designed for movie rating predictions  , and the construction of their algorithms focus on rating patterns found in movies which may not apply to other domains. The reason for the slightly better RMSE score achieved by the two systems on the Netflix dataset are twofold.
Post hoc pairwise comparisons show that in the case of the Google page  , the fixation count in the main content is significantly greater than in any other section  , and the fixation count in the header section is greater than in the advertisement and footer sections. There is a main effect of page section  , as specified by the Way Edges  , on the Google F1 ,18 = 821  , p < 0.001  , IMDb F1 ,19 = 199.7  , p < 0.05 and UM F2 ,38 = 22.9  , p < 0.001 pages.
There are a number of possible sources for photographs' location information on Flickr  , user entry being probably the most prevalent: much like LocationStamper 22   , Flickr users can geotag their photographs using a map interface  , where they can drag-anddrop photographs onto a world map at any zoom level. The dataset used in this research consisted of 6 million public geo-referenced  " geotagged "  photographs on Flickr data collected in October 2006.
oneSearch XHTML/WAP Inter- face search box and a list of links to various mobile applications such as email and calendar  , and links to other verticals such as news  , finance  , and flickr. !
As a second strategy  , we consider the tweets of the TWD data set  , accumulated within the first five month of monitoring and extracted all tweets containing the string " flickr.com " . We matched these discovered FriendFeed users with a Twitter and Flickr account against the users in the TWD data set and found 131 FriendFeed profiles that listed one of the TWD Twitter accounts with at least 10 public tweets and 5 or more publicly accessible images in their Flickr stream.
Till now  , most  , if not all  , recommendation systems utilize only ternary relationships in generating their recommendations . Instead  , the recommendation systems need to predict the degree of preference a user is likely to exhibit for an item e.g.  , Netflix 5 .
present a large-scale measurement study on the structure of multiple OSNs including Flickr  , YouTube  , LiveJournal  , and Orkut 28. Mislove et al.
There are no baselines available for clustering the ClueWeb collections into the order of a million clusters. Fewer clusters have to be searched to recall relevant documents.
Most CF approaches in the literature deal with the rating prediction problem  , as defined in the Netflix prize competition 1 . CF with Implicit Feedback.
Sophisticated models of such temporal dynamics proved critical in obtaining state-of-the-art performance on the Netflix challenge 3  , most famously in 20.   , for example due to the presence of new products within a community.
SI is accessed simply by typing top-level hierarchy words followed by a dot e.g.  , " flickr. " In the prototype  , SI functionality is provided in our custom email client.
To address the issue  , we develop a camera application for Android system to allow users to take photos with FOV tags. However  , most images from photo sharing Web Service e.g.  , Flickr do not include such information.
These ratings are accessible through a service  , known as STARmeter  , on imdb.com  , which reflect the popularity of the role players in movies. The ratings provide a snapshot of who is popular based on the activities involving millions of imdb users on the website  , which include the number of times an actor's/actress' page isviewed and statistical data such as movie ratings  , box-office gross  , the number of movies a role player involved  , salaries of the role players  , etc.
For the non-ClueWeb settings  , the feature functions  , in descending order of attributed importance  , are: stdv-qsim  , max-sw2  , geo-qsim  , min-sw2  , max-sw1  , max-qsim  , min-dsim  , geo-sw2  , min-icompress  , min-qsim  , min-sw1  , geo-icompress  , max-dsim  , geo-dsim  , max-icompress  , geo-entropy  , min-entropy  , geo-sw1  , max-entropy. Hence  , we perform the analysis separately for the ClueWeb and non- ClueWeb AP  , ROBUST  , WT10G  , and GOV2 settings.
Unlike the smaller Reverb Wikipedia extractions data set 0.4 million  , ClueWeb is larger and contains more domain independent facts  , thereby providing a generalized setting for our approach. We used the latest Reverb ClueWeb Extractions dataset 8   , consisting of approximately 15 million facts annotated with a confidence score.
A variety of services and platforms on the digital web  , right from movies on Netflix to navigation routes on GPS Waze are personalized based on what you like and what you did. 99–113  , 2014Content personalization based on social activities clicks  , posts is gaining increasing traction with web companies day by day.
There are several major reasons for the loses  , introduced by features based on external text resources. Thus  , the predicate itself isn't related to the question  , but nevertheless  , the name of the ship HMS Beagle is mentioned multiple times in the web search results  , and entity pair model computed from ClueWeb also has high scores for the terms " ship " and " world " .
Their solution first identifies a set of time paths and each time path is a sequence of POIs traversed by a user. 3 constructs intra-city travel itineraries using spatio-temporal data from Flickr.
For example  , for the query " flight from barcelona to madrid "   , " Barcelona " and " Madrid " are identified as two entities that occur together. Spark uses Yahoo Search  , Twitter  , and Flickr as sources to extract the co-occurrence information .
We extract all entities from Wikipedia using pattern finding techniques and indexed them with their type. Fang et al.  , 2011 SIEL IIITH We use external resources like Wikipedia and Web  , as Clueweb Category A dataset is not available.
Flickr allows users to create two types of links: links to favorite photos called favorites in Flickr and links to other users called contacts in Flickr. Flickr provides users with privacy control over photos they upload  , allowing photos to be classified as either private  , visible only to their friends  , or  , the default  , public.
The main change regarding the LOD task is the use of the Sindice-2011 corpus  , an improved and larger Semantic Web crawl  , replacing the BTC-2009 collection used in 2010: 1 the target corpus is a larger and more representative LOD crawl; 2 examples are not mapped manually to LOD  , but given as ClueWeb document identifiers. In the REF task  , we focused on modifications to simplify the evaluation and to improve cross-system comparison: 1 only primary homepages are accepted  , i.e.  , relevance is binary; 2 for each answer  , a single supporting document is required; 3 target type is not limited anymore; 4 groups that generate results using Web Search Engines are required to submit an obligatory run  , using the Lemur ClueWeb Online Query Service.
The data we use in this study consists of geotagged photos from Flickr and the associated tags. In the time dimension  , because of the growing active community on Flickr  , an order of magnitude more photos were taken and uploaded during 2006 than during 2005  , complicating time-based analyses.
ChAlg lacks the additional capabilities of similarity thresholding/weighting and label similarity metrics that GC can exploit. ChAlg does not work well with IMDB and Wikipedia because of the richness but also noise of their link structures.
We gathered tags of all public photos in the dataset from Flickr. Users of Flickr can create and attach tags to their photos.
For ClueWeb-Wiki  , the performance of the mixture model with K > 1 is at least equal or higher than that of the logistic regression. It can be seen that the mixture of retrieval algorithms model is quite consistent with a small range of K values.
Sites with low 'others' such as Apple and IMDB spend much of their energy on web elements and will not gain much from improvements in wireless technology. Sites that have high 'others' such as AOL  , Ebay and Gmail can become more efficient as wireless technology improves and connection setup cost decreases.
This trend is enabled by Web accessible services such as Flickr  , MySpace and Yahoo! Service Oriented Architecture SOA and Web 2.0 foster a transition from desktop applications to web applications.
Flickr user groups are collected as ground truth. Tags that users added to uploaded photos are used as content information .
The distribution of tags on Flickr follows a power law distribution 1. Secondly  , tag recommendation will remind the users of more rich and specific tags.
Subjects constantly associated query starratings with hotel and restaurant stars and other product reviews and ratings such as those that appear in Netflix and Amazon. People who said they would not use such systems expressed doubt because systems or other people could not predict their information needs  , or even if they could some subjects believed star-ratings were very subjective and they would rather have descriptions about why a query could be useful.
the location information as we find it for each venue on Wikipedia. Lastly  , we also conduct a location estimation experiment with our 793 images that were annotated as having been taken inside our ten venues and we create two types of ground truth locations for them: i the Flickr-based ground truth is the location information of each image as provided by the Flickr meta-data  , and ii the corrected ground truth  , i.e.
Results gave interesting insights about the components that should be improved for augmenting the effectiveness of the retrieval system. Extending the evaluation campaign to additional  , larger document collections e.g.  , TREC WT10g  , ClueWeb will be the next step for comparing the presented platform in different environments where further issues have also to be addressed as  , for example  , the scalability of the entire pipeline.
Out of a total of 3152 pairs 847 distinct tags in del.icio.us and 5031 pairs 2140 distinct tags in Flickr  , without using Wikipedia / Google to find unknown concepts in Swoogle  , the following numbers of pairs were found as concepts together in at least one single ontology: 569 pairs 358 distinct tags in del.icio.us and 309 pairs 492 distinct tags in Flickr. Starting from the previously obtained clusters 410 for del.icio.us: and 882 for Flickr  , we posted all the possible pairs of tags within each cluster to Swoogle.
To compare different generative models we introduce several formal evaluation metrics.  We perform an experimental study on two real life data sets Epinions and Flickr  , showing that the proposed model can indeed produce realistic SRNs.
Out of the four test collections used  , ClueWeb B has the most incomplete relevance assessments  , for which only the top-10 documents returned by the TREC participating runs are judged by human assessors 6. Another possible reason for BM25L's extremely high retrieval performance with Gamma and Normal distribution on ClueWeb B is the shallow pool depth of this collection.
The tag networks needed for the proposed methods are generated from the on-line Flickr folksonomy via Flickr APIs. Since the sequence of tags does not matter  , unlike that of queries  , the translation unit is fixed to one tag in this paper.
With the advanced caching and background loading technology   , Yahoo! oneSearch as well as other popular mobile applications   , such as email  , local info and maps  , news  , sports  , finance  , entertainment  , weather  , and Flickr photos.
You must then select whether you would save that web-page in order to solve your task or not. After you have viewed the web-page  , please close the new window / tab and return to the ClueWeb search results.
We find that for all three applications  , retransmission rates are higher for failed downloads than for successful downloads  , and on average   , failed flows experience 8.2-9.7% loss. As an example of our notation in Figures 7and 8  , we use " N-S " to signify successful Netflix flows and " N-F " for failed Netflix flows.
Although access and transit ISPs traditionally do not have business relationships with APs explicitly  , with the emergence of video streaming APs  , e.g.  , Netflix  , we have seen more and more APs' direct or indirect contracts with the access and transit ISPs. A TP can be an ISP of any type.
photos in Flickr  , videos in YouTube  , or bookmarks in del.icio.us. Their success comes from their ease of use for collaboratively annotating and sharing information objects  , e.g.
All the tracks we participated in this year make use of the Clueweb document collection. We index the headings  , titles  , and contents as searchable fields and do not remove any HTML tags.
Sync Kit maintains a notion of two different types of sets. Examples of such sets of items are products in a web-based store  , movies and actors on the website IMDB  , pages on wikis  , and the tags used to describe blog posts in the previous example.
IMDb movie reviews are in a rating scale from 1 to 10  , thus  , The word batman represents a word highly related to a specific set of movies and intuitively would not be observed as a sentiment word. Considering batman as a sentiment word the reputation of entities as watchmen  , equilibrium and others is weighted with the sentiment word weight of the entity batman  , as in this case  , is also viewed as relevant sentiment word Figure 3.
For instance  , in the " Neighborhood Pictures " mashup  , the " neighborhood name " parameter of the imported " Search Flickr " Data Service is the output of the " Yelp Neighborhood Search " Data Service. The Data Services are dependant on each other.
As a consequence  , we can use this resource to associate film plot descriptions—describing the context in which soundtracks occur—to soundtrack listings. The IMDb also has the possibility to add soundtrack listings to a movie.
Therefore  , we propose novel uses of external sources of information as proxies for cluster validation: 1 ad hoc relevance; and 2 spam classification. There are no topical human generated labels available for ClueWeb.
A common practice when evaluating community detection algorithms is to compare extracted communities with some notion of " ground truth " in a hope that extracted and true communities correspond. On the other hand  , for AmazonProd and AtM-IMDB networks  , the general trend still remains but large " ground truth " communities have conductance scores that lie well below the rewired network curve.
Using the collective knowledge that resides in Flickr community on this particular topic one can extend the description of the photo with the tags: Gaudi  , Spain  , Catalunya  , architecture  , and church. For example  , a Flickr photo of La Sagrada Familia – a massive Roman Catholic basilica under construction in Barcelona – is described by its owner using the tags Sagrada Familia  , and Barcelona.
Again significant improvements are achieved when category information is used  , except for the run using anchor text to find homepages. Although the run using the external links throws away all results without external links to the ClueWeb collection  , resulting in a lower number of primary Wikipedia pages retrieved   , the pages with external links still lead to reasonable P@10 and the best NDCG@R. In Table 5the results of the TREC entity ranking task 2010 are given  , evaluating the primary homepages found.
Proper identification of ECs in text has many applications. Leveraging a graph-structured knowledge base such as the Internet Movie Database IMDB 2 allows for identification of movies and disambiguation of  , e.g.  , actor names in movie reviews when referenced only by their ambiguous surname.
With increasing availability of content sharing environments such as Flickr  , and YouTube  , the volume of private multimedia resources publicly available on the Web has drastically increased. Copyright 2012 ACM 978-1-4503-1472-5/12/08 ..$15.00.
Netflix  , and for providing so-called " catch-up TV " or " replay TV " service  , which makes previously broadcast TV content available typically via IP streaming for on-demand or time-shifted viewing for a limited period after the original broadcast. OTT distribution is especially popular for two kinds of content: streaming of movies e.g.
For our current work  , we crawled 22 ,357 unique IMDb movies with plot descriptions  , which had at least one soundtrack song with a last.fm tag associated to it. The information from these two resources is connected by considering what IMDb movies have plot descriptions with soundtrack listings  , and what soundtrack songs have social tag descriptions on last.fm.
The ratings provide a snapshot of who is popular based on the activities involving millions of imdb users on the website  , which include the number of times an actor's/actress' page isviewed and statistical data such as movie ratings  , box-office gross  , the number of movies a role player involved  , salaries of the role players  , etc. Imdb.com creates ratings of movie actors  , actresses  , directors  , and producers.
For example  , the geo-qsim function defined over lQD  , the max-qsim function defined over lQC   , and the max-sw2 function defined over lC   , are among the 4  , 6 and 2 most important functions in both cases non- ClueWeb and ClueWeb settings. First  , each of the three types of cliques used in Section 2.1 for defining the MRF has at least one associated feature function that is assigned with a relatively high weight.
If we remove punctuation and disregard case  , we have 394 distinct words per Twitter account  , 218 per Yelp account and 480 per Flickr account. Note that these words may contain punctuation  , and are case-sensitive.
Table 4 : Summary of the TREC collections and topics used for evaluation. The corpora vary both by type Ro- bust04 is a newswire collection  , Gov2 is a crawl of the .gov domain  , and ClueWeb-B is a set of pages with the highest crawl priority derived from a large web corpus  , number of documents  , and number of available topics  , thereby providing a diverse experimental setup for assessing the robustness of retrieval with query hypergraphs.
The case of Rotten Tomatoes is smaller but includes more than 80 thousand movies rated by the users of the platform we discard professional critic data. For IMDB  , we count with the average rating provided by users on a 1 to 10 star scale  , and with additional information about the movie including year of release and languages for more than 300 thousand movies.
In Table 1  , TagNSearch performs better than Flickr in both percentage of participants succeeding and the number of queries made for each photograph. well-known building or scene while the last two were more difficult.
This neural network was trained on about 1.2M images classified into 1000 categories. 4  that gained significant attention by winning the 2012 ImageNet challenge  , defeating other approaches by a significant margin.
An application of collaborative filtering methods to automated tag discovery becomes clear when the " user " and " product " concepts are examined from a different angle. Amazon  , TiVo  , Netflix and others are among the many successful applications of commercial recommender systems.
For its tremendous size  , the ClueWeb has been used in several tracks of the Text REtrieval Conference TREC  , most notably in the Web track. The entire dataset consists of about one billion web pages in ten languages.
Since most of the Netflix customers are based in the U.S.  , they often use Comcast  , the biggest access ISP  , as the last-mile access provider. Netflix used Limelight  , one of the biggest CDNs  , for content delivery  , and later  , the Tier-1 Level 3 also obtained a contract to deliver Netflix's traffic.
Based on this database  , we created one document per movie that contained the relevant information about it e.g. Documents representing each movie were constructed from the portion of the IMDB database that is available for public down- load13 .
There are numerous social tagging systems like Flickr and Delicious  , which have been studied for years. Social tagging.
Between them  , these graphs capture a wide variety of social relations e.g.  , trust relations  , follower-following relations  , and friendship relations. Datasets: We use the Wikipedia  , Flickr  , Epinions  , and Twitter social graphs.
We will use the following notation for such a query/rule in this paper:  However  , we still have not solved the problem about incomplete information here since the atom ratedbad@http://www.moviereviews.com/ again depends on an open rule; i.e.  , as soon as the search engine would become aware of an additional source saying that a particular other movie was directed by Ed Wood it could again infer additional information from the rule * in Figure 1. If we know that IMDB has complete knowledge about all movies by Ed Wood we could replace the rule * by its closed off version  , adding a scope just as we did for query 2: ratedX ,bad :-directedByX ,"Ed Wood"@http://www.imdb.com.
They find that the volume of Flickr tags is correlated with with sales of two products  , Macs and iPods. Like us  , Jin et al 16 use Flickr as a source of data for prediction  , but they estimate the adoption rate of consumer photos by monitoring the frequency of tag use over time.
Figure 9shows the effect of the parameter values to the corresponding clustering approach. sub-section  , we demonstrate the superiority of our self-tuning technique by Flickr photos collections.
Key to enriching the search experience is the wide-scale availability of user-generated content and other knowledge bases such as Wikipedia  , the Internet Movie Database IMDB  , GeoPlanet TM   , or Freebase to name a few. Most notably this is visible through the introduction of semantic search assistants  , the enrichment of the search results shown to the user and other components that try to predict the user intent.
The endpoints of the support of γ are based on the the minimum and maximum values observed in the Flickr dataset presented in Section 4.1  , such that an expected number of 18.8 × 10 6 tags will be generated   , similar to the quantity of tags available in the Flickr dataset. For each neighborhood n  , we sample uniformly the continuous random variable γ  , which represents the order of the number of tags in neighborhood n  , from the interval 3  , 6.
As another example  , the Internet Movie Database IMDB extracts and integrates actor and movie information to create an ER graph that captures relationships among these entities. integrates publications to create an entity-relationship ER graph that captures citations.
For this experiment  , we sample four popular directed social networks: Delicious  , YouTube  , LiveJournal and Flickr. Now  , we shall consider large graphs to see the effect of scale on hierarchy in social networks.
The results on the lyrics dataset are presented on Figure 4 . As different interpretations of single concept IMDB queries already deliver distinct results  , we did not observe any significant reranking by varying λ on this query set.
 The paper provides an extensive performance evaluation on various real-life  , fairly large datasets: the INEX benchmark  , the IMDB structured movie database  , and the TREC 2004 Terabyte track.  Our XML-specific scoring model takes into consideration both statistics about tag-term combinations in the underlying XML corpus and the compactness of subtrees that satisfy the search conditions.
Secondly  , unlike other applications where the rating information is available  , in loan recommendation  , we know only whether a particular lender funded a loan or not. This attribute of loans makes it a difficult problem when compared to other applications such as the Netflix recommendation system in which recommendations for a movie previously liked by similar users can be recommended .
We describe our Flickr data collection methodology. From this  , we can examine the social network factors which influenced the favorite-marking user.
In addition  , this method achieved state-of-the-art classification results in the ImageNet classification challenge demonstrating its effectiveness in this task. Specifically  , we use the deep learning classifier 32 described in the previous subsection that distinguishes between 1000 object categories ranging from lipstick to dogs to castle.
When evaluating the accuracy  , it is important to note several things. Both of these are similar to the accuracy reported for fulltext classification of the WebKB data by Fürnkranz 9of the words occurring in the same paragraph of the inbound links produced slightly worse accuracy than the full-text  , likely due to the very small number of inlinks  , and the small number of words occurring in the same paragraph.
Therefore  , running a large number of generated test cases would not be feasible. For example  , the Flickr 5 method " flickr.activity.userComments " can be invoked only once an hour by each authenticated user.
visualized the evolution of tags within Flickr and presented a novel approach based on a characterization of the most salient tags associated with a sliding interval of time. In 4 Dubinko et al.
This could be attributed to the fact that Netflix dataset is considerably larger and more sparse. From this table we see that  , unlike the results for the MovieLens data  , item-item approach significantly outperforms user-user on both binary and rating NDCG.
For entertainment platforms like Youtube and Netflix that host videos of varying length and types TV shows  , movies etc  , inferring whether a user processed/liked the video simply based on timespent would be advantageous. In such scenarios  , using timespent to infer user satisfaction would be beneficial.
We consider three structurally different data collections: the TREC Terabyte collection  , movie data from IMDB  , and a huge HTTP server log. To pick just one example  , the full merge on the query " kyrgyzstan united states relations "   , which has a total list volume of over 15 million doc ids  , takes about one second   , while our best top-k algorithms  , by scanning only about 2% of this volume and by doing about 300 well-targeted random lookups  , process the same query in about 10ms.
The source of reviews may be further investigated: we may choose to re-weight the sources  , as we re-weighted authors for the Netflix data. Some features in the data that may be telling include helpfulness ratings  , timestamps including which reviews were already live  , and typical vs. outlier patterns in a user's rat- ings.
With the recent proliferation of Web 2.0 applications such as Del.icio.us 1 and Flickr 2   , tagging services have become popular and have drawn much attention in both academia and industry. document  , image  , or video.
Also  , RTree improves DM+SubQL by 12.1% and 21.5% with respect to MAP and NDCG10  , respectively. For example  , on ClueWeb  , RTree improves QL+SubQL by 17.5% and 27.5% with respect to MAP and NDCG10  , respectively .
Further  , name aliases from both corpus feedback and from entity context models are highly effective  , even where the entity identifiers themselves are not. For both ClueWeb collections  , the entity context model with window size 8 performs well.
This attribute of loans makes it a difficult problem when compared to other applications such as the Netflix recommendation system in which recommendations for a movie previously liked by similar users can be recommended . Regarding the former  , loans are only available until they are fully funded  , and thus they can be seen as a consumable and limited resource.
However  , not all primary Wikipedia pages could be returned by participants or judged  , or not all Wikipedia pages could exist on the date when the ClueWeb collection was crawled January/February 2009. We found that 160 out of 198 relevant entities ≈80% have a Wikipedia page among their primary pages  , while only 108 of them have a primary web page 70 entities have both.
Crawling the IMDb site for biographies  , we obtained a corpus of 2695 documents. This information is very useful for automatically mining a golden standard for those relations.
Table 2 The ClueWeb 09 is a large-scale collection of web documents that was collected in January and February 2009. This testbed comes with 106 queries with judgments 1 .
In the robustness tests below on the Amazon Electronics dataset  , we see a 99.12% acceptance rate. In the Netflix-24k dataset we see an average acceptance rate of 77.77%.
Note that the skewed movies are all exclusivesly TV shows whereas the tightly peaked 'Gaussian' ratings all correspond to blockbuster movies. Table 7 : A list of the most skewed and most Gaussian rating distributions on Netflix.
MESUR determines these journal connections using a process that is commonly employed by online recommender services such as Amazon.com and Netflix i.e. " Usage data is not expressed as a list of journal-to-journal connections  , but as a flat  , time-sequential list of article-level usage events from which journal connections must be derived.
However  , it has to be mentioned that the runtime processing of documents leads to huge overhead as opposed to annotating the whole clueweb corpus in advance. The performance was not the focus of our system.
Impact on non-malicious users Another potential concern about using Iolaus is that it may change the current ranking of businesses  , potentially for the worse. While this will clearly require an explanation to the users  , existing sites such as NetFlix 3 and Digg 36 already provide personalized content ratings implying that users do accept personalized ratings.
proposed a tag recommendation strategy to support users annotating photos on Flickr 7. For example  , Sigurbjornsson et al.
The paper is organized as follows. The black box we use for the Sessions track is Carnegie Mellon's ClueWeb search engine 1 .
The middleware locates the component Flickr and the operation "search" referred to by the listener. For the "parkChangedImgListener" listener: a.
For each movie we also know the language and the country where it was produced.  AtM-IMDB is a bipartite actors-to-movies network.
The ClueWeb collections are some of the largest document collections used for research. Additionally   , we found no examples of clustering web-scale document collections into fine-grained clusters.
Specifically  , the " current news " and " netflix " queries show a statistically significant preference for domain contacts  , in addition to the " HPMovies " and " Twitter " queries. Note that the results show a much stronger trend toward domain-contact annotations.
The TREC Terabyte collection of the TREC 2004 benchmark 39 consists of more than 25 million crawled Web pages from the .gov domain. Since INEX and IMDB are still not exactly very large dataset in terms of documents  , we included experiments on the TREC Terabyte corpus as a stress test  , even if this is not XML.
Our Flickr dataset contains a sample of over 56 million georeferenced images uploaded to Flickr before the end of 2010. We additionally remove infrequently used tags by ensuring we have at least 50 instances per tag occurring around the world; while infrequently used tags could certainly yield a locally characterizing region  , it was shown in 41  that the tag frequency distribution in photos uploaded to Flickr follows a power law with the very long tail containing the infrequent tags that typically were categorized as incidentally occurring words  , making it unlikely such tags will actually generate regions.
This information is very useful for automatically mining a golden standard for those relations. Additionally  , the IMDb site also offers some information in semi-structured form  , such as date and place of birth or death.
In this standard  , the formula for calculating each user's rating score gives a true Bayesian estimate: It is impractical to manually rate a large number of these users  , in the experiments we followed the sophisticated standard from the Internet Movie Database IMDB 3 .
Note that these words may contain punctuation  , and are case-sensitive. datasets  , we find an average of 546 distinct words per Twitter account   , 730 per Yelp account  , and 516 per Flickr account.
All of the data processing was anonymous and performed in ag- gregate. Since Flickr allows users to set specific pages to be private  , in our analysis we considered only public pages.
We do not use any form of stemming and remove a conservative list of 588 stopwords. All the tracks we participated in this year make use of the Clueweb document collection.
It may be due to the smoothing properties of random projections   , but analysis of this is beyond the scope of this paper. However  , for fine-grained clustering of ClueWeb using signatures we found no advantage to more computationally expensive initializations.
What fraction of a photo's fans discovered the photo through a friend ? Does information in Flickr flow along its social network links ?
We have to also consider that many entity queries could have very large answer sets e.g.  , " actors playing in hollywood movies " ; extra problematic with corpora the size of ClueWeb. In this scenario  , entity ranking corresponds to the task of returning the homepages of entities of a given type  , that are relevant to the user's information need represented as natural language text.
For indexing   , we do not use any form of stemming and remove a conservative list of 588 stopwords. For both tasks in the Web track  , we use the category A set of the Clueweb collection the full collection.
For the ClueWeb settings  , the correlation between ClueB and ClueBF was high 0.83 while that for other pairs of settings was lower than 0.5. We found that for pairs of non-ClueWeb settings  , excluding AP  , the correlation was at least 0.5; however  , the correlation with AP was much smaller.
This makes the collection provide an interesting mixture of short textual lists with quickly decreasing scores and longer lists of categorical values with a low skew and many score ties. The largest index lists derived from the IMDB collection with up to a length of 285 ,000 entries are generated by the categorical attributes such as Genres and Years  , whereas the largest inverted lists from text contents only yield a few thousand entries which are typically scanned through by the first block.
 industry sector 2 The task is to classify webpages according to a hierarchy of industrial sectors 4 ,582 instances.  webkb 4 The task is to classify university webpages as student  , course  , faculty  , or project 4 ,199 instances.
We conducted a series of experiments on three real-world rating datasets: Movielens-1M  , EachMovie  , and Netflix. Obviously  , ListCF can successfully recognize it while pointwise CF and pairwise CF cannot.
Evaluation Collection: we collect tweets  , Flickr images and Wikipedia content related to the ACL 2012 music festival . In the following section we first detail our collection before discussing our systems and evaluation procedure.
These features include number of views  , number of favorites  , number of comments  , number of tags  , number of photos  , number of unique Flickr users  , number of unique Foursquare users  , and number of check-ins. The input features are derived from Flickr and Foursquare.
Content based systems instead look at each item and its intrinsic properties. Both itemto-item and user-to-user recommendation systems based on collaborative filtering have been adopted by many industry giants such as Twitter 12  , Amazon 20 and Google 6 and Netflix 5.
We use the predictors to predict the performance of the QL retrieval method specified above; unigram Dirichlet-smoothed document language models are used with the smoothing parameter set to 1000. Thus  , we get two additional experimental setups for ClueWeb: Clue09+SpRM and Clue10+SpRM.
In English  , the tag " underground " frequently cooccurs with " music " . This happens because of the different cooccurrence statistics between Flickr English tags and German tags.
This is the second year the TREC contextual suggestion task was organized and this year's task differed from the previous year's task in that this year's submissions allowed generated location suggestions to be either from the Open Web 3 or from the ClueWeb 2012 dataset 4 whereas last year's submissions were restricted to the Open Web only. Each suggestion should contain a title  , description and associated URL for each profile/context pair.
Most content sharing websites are now based on folksonomies . For example  , in Flickr  , most images are shared with only tags and titles.
These include some features specific to the Flickr platform  , but most of them are quite generic and can also be applied to other platforms. These features are aligned with our assumptions of characteristics of useful comments.
IMDB: This is a movie dataset release by the Internet Movie Database www.imdb.com. This positive proportion is the largest observed in any dataset.
We first describe the small-world pattern seen in the Flickr network topology  , which is characterized by a strong local clustering and a small diameter. In this section  , we present an overview of the Flickr social network.
Both the MovieLens and Netflix corpora were reduced to approximately 5 ,000 unique users through uniform sampling  , giving 742 ,036 and 633 ,257 user judgments respectively. This led to approximately 8 ,000 documents containing 367 ,417 facet-value pairs spread among 19 facets.
Since results are evaluated on exactly the same test data  , it offers an excellent platform to compare different algorithms. In order to assess the RMSE on the test set  , participants need to submit their results to Netflix.
We expect the rate of addition of geotagged photographs to Flickr to increase as more location-aware devices become available. Location-aware applications  , such as the ZoneTag application for cameraphones  , 6 automatically geotag photos they upload to Flickr.
Human judgement was used in many previous works on automatic ontology construction  , e.g. Meanwhile  , they may not appear in the selected ODP taxonomies due to a difference in scope between ODP and Flickr.
Additionally  , we experiment with a pre-trained model with 3m words 8  , trained on a Google News dataset. Another 500-D model with 382k words is learned from user tags of 4 million Flickr images.
For example  , Google's FACC1 data set 3 contains entity annotations for all documents in the ClueWeb collection. Recent advances in automatic entity linking and knowledge base construction have resulted in entity annotations for document and query collections.
The sentiment classification has been evaluated on a different movie review data-set firstly used in 3  , containing reviews taken from IMDb and annotated as positive or negative. The classifiers can be considered reliable enough for the subjectivity detection task which leads to the generation of subjective extracts micro-average F1 results on this data-set  , with a five-folding cross validation  , are 88.85 for NB and 88.68 for SVM.
Our application  , World Explorer  , considers all geotagged photos on Flickr and generates an aggregate representation that allows navigation  , exploration and understanding of the underlying data and the world. Flickr allows users to associate photos with multiple tags unstructured textual labels and with a location most commonly done by users " dragging " photos onto map locations where the photos were taken.
We started off by parsing and analysing the collection to gain familiarity with the structure of the collection and to identify salient as well as non informative chunks of the text. The collection is fairly small comparing to Clueweb and other well known IR collections but yet it is the biggest existing medical/clinical test collection.
These are explicit category names in flickr itself. We use the following labels: 1 Animals  , 2 Birds  , 3 Architecture   , 4 Portrait  , and 5 Nature.
One of the primary contributions of our approach is its ability to assign meaningful tags  , even to such " cryptic " entities. Consider  , for example  , a photo on Flickr with no comments or other descriptive text attached to it.
To solve this problem  , we calculated the word similarity between the 272 concepts and the ImageNet-22K labels by using WordNet. However  , there is a " label bias " between the two do-mains 26 .
The black box we use for the Sessions track is Carnegie Mellon's ClueWeb search engine 1 . There is no need for the user to know the underlying retrieval model or implementation details.
However  , even for simultaneous posts  , timestamps may differ slightly due to processing delays and desynchronized clocks. Generally   , we aim to find accounts where one or more timestamps of Flickr photos match the timestamps of tweets.
Such social media repositories allow users to upload personal media data and annotate content * This work was performed at Microsoft Research Asia. Flickr  , Youtube  , and Zooomr.
Our research with a "go‐ word" list  , described here  , has promise for more easily enabling indexing and searching on phrases. Along with other TREC Web track participants  , we will be looking into characteristics of the ClueWeb collection  , and seeking to understand performance on topics.
Our example mashup  , called KittenMark  , shows a list of the 20 most recent kitten photos from the Flickr photo sharing site 4 and allows the user to post them to the del.icio.us bookmarks site. This approach also makes network requests using a cross-domain <script> tag  , but the browser sameorigin policy prevents Flickr from accessing users' KittenMark accounts.
We use a sample of nearly 150 million geo-tagged  , timestamped Flickr photos as our source of user-contributed observational data about the world. As an example  , Figure 1shows raw satellite snow data from one particular day.
Interestingly  , the FLICKR MIN values are significantly smaller than corresponding HAA MIN values and indicate that people often visit sites more quickly than estimated by human advisors. The maximum visit times extracted from Flickr have a large variation compared to HAA MAX values and are  , with few exceptions bigger than the corresponding HAA MIN values.
The attachments that sustain their participation might very well be to the Flickr community instead of a set of particular individuals. They are not members of a tight knit clique.
Similarly  , the " netflix " and " movie times " queries  , though not showing a significant effect   , indicate that a preference for domain-contact annotations might exist for at least some navigational and transactional queries. We find this especially surprising since it is an informational-objective query.
From the IMDB  , we have produced a dataset that contains over 161K entries and four attributes. The second real dataset is taken from the Internet Movie Database IMDB 1   , which contains information about movies and television shows  , and ratings of these by actual users.
There are no topical human generated labels available for ClueWeb. Even though this collection is many orders of magnitude simpler than the web  , assessors still struggled with categorization.
They perform experiments on a big Flickr dataset of 1.5 billion images with 4000 different topics. They build a topic network based on Flickr tags  , and propose an interactive interface that allows the user to express a query by selecting images.
Given a collection of geo-tagged photos related to food with tags and locations in Flickr  , we would like to discover the geographical topics  , i.e.  , what people eat in different areas. Example 3.
For example we have IMDb and MovieLens for movies  , Yelp for restaurants  , TripAdvisor for hotels and attractions. Online review sites are now widely used for various domains .
Again  , we are faced with the issue of dealing with irrelevant or trivial comments or  , for some pictures  , the complete lack thereof. On Flickr  , we can use the comments submitted by the users for each picture.
An interesting online social and collaborative resource holding such associations at scale is the Internet Movie Database IMDb. Our proposed framework is particularly inspired by the earlier described notion in humanities literature that contextual extra-musical meaning associated to music has been established by the way in which music occurs as part of mass media.
Figure 4and 5 analyze the effects of Bregman co-clustering by changing the rank r and the numbers of row and column clusters k and l on MovieLens 10M and Netflix dataset. Based on the above study  , we choose β0 = 0.4 for the following experiments because the submatrices generated by Bregman co-clustering are always uneven.
Our participants sat in front of the eye-tracker and browsed saved versions of a Google results page  , Internet Movie Database IMDb page and University of Manchester UM page 3 . A Tobii 1750 eye-tracker was used in this study.
To avoid overtraining  , we collected the top 100 results of online Google search engine for each query  , and kept the documents in the ClueWeb. Then the same system with anchor text index of the ClueWeb is used to gain the top 50 documents for each query.
For URL http://www.imdb.com/video/imdb/vi3338469913/  , p 1 cannot be matched with it. For URL u 2 = http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0051418/  , p 1 and u 1 are compromised to generate pattern http://www.imdb.com/*/*.
No topical labels are available for ClueWeb  , and it is nigh impossible to generate the labels for a large scale web crawl for millions of categories. Document clusters are often evaluated by comparison to a ground truth set of categories for documents.
The authors mapped Flickr tags to Wikipedia pages using anchor texts of Wikipedia  , and trained a classifier  , which uses Wikipedia Categories and Templates  , to classify Wikipedia pages into a set of categories . For the sake of completeness we mention Overell  , Sigurbjörnsson   , and Van Zwol 2009  , who addresses the problem of Flickr tag classification.
Flickr distinguishes between capture and upload dates  , and other services could follow suit. We anticipate social media services will address this ambiguity in the future.
For the IMDB dataset  , the set-cover heuristic produces solutions that dominate the LLT heuristic in terms of coordination cost and load. We see that in almost all cases the set-cover heuristic is better that the LLT heuristic.
Enumeration for flickr and orkut takes order of a day. 2apresented the speedups achieved over full enumeration by using our path sampling algorithm.
Netflix Ratings: Within the Netflix dataset  , the results were not nearly as simple. This explains why our model has such an improved predictive probability than BPMF as shown above and demonstrates the importance of fitting the variance as well as the mean.
Data Collection For our experiments we collect an image dataset from Flickr 4 consisting of 2M images. In the following  , we detail the training and test collections  , the parameter tuning and the metrics used in our evaluation.
We calculated PageRank 8  using the web graph information provided with the ClueWeb collection. We stored the
Given that mobile video streaming applications today  , such as YouTube  , Netflix  , and Hulu  , already download storyboards before video playback starts  , using storyboard data to estimate the power consumption of our online backlight scaling algorithm can be easily incorporated into video applications in real-world situations without incurring additional network transmission overhead. If the power that can be saved at the display is greater than the power consumed by the GPU  , positive overall power savings is predicted.
Flickr and Twitter both contain noisy user data  , however; in comparison  , the collaborative crowdsourced approach of Wikipedia offers a structured data source containing less irrelevant content i.e. In this paper  , we propose to use social media streams to annotate Flickr images corresponding to events.
The federated search testbed derived from Clueweb is publicly available 2 as an attempt to offer a large and realistic testing environment for federated search. Furthermore  , the available information of queries with multiple aspects and the corresponding relevance judgment has enabled the evaluation of search result diversification.
The Flickr API is at http://www.flickr.com/services/ while the World Explorer data and visualization is available at http://tagmaps.research.yahoo.com/. Both the Flickr geotagged data  , and the processed World Explorer data described in this work are available via APIs.
Finally  , Flickr posts have more common locations with the corresponding Twitter account than Yelp posts do. Moreover  , Flickr users tend to post from more locations.
After that  , half of them were randomly assigned to use Flickr while the rest used TagNSearch to perform the experimental tasks. Participants were first briefed about TagNSearch and the idea of searching for locations using tags.
Existing recommender systems utilize different approaches such as content filtering and collaborative filtering to find the relevant items and information directly to the users. The context to aid user understanding  , e.g.  , " disney " " animation "   , " classic "   , " imdb top 250 " and " Oscar "  shows the new list of items recommended after the user provides his/her feedback by clicking on the thumb-up icon for " T om Hanks " and " Adventure " .
which consists of less than ten thousand pages. came to the same conclusion in 9 on a subset of the WebKB dataset as Fürnkranz used 7 and a dataset crawled from Yahoo!
We first analyse the Flickr image density in the spatial neighbourhood of each test item by determining the number of Flickr images that appear within a 1 kilometre radius of the test item at accuracy 16 but without the restriction of particular query terms. It consists of 3.2 million training images drawn from Flickr and 5345 test items that need to be placed on the world map.
Similarly  , Anytime TA works well for high dimensional sensor data sets. We achieve a saving of over 70% 1 ,200 tuples for a confidence level of 99% using the IMDB data set.
By visualizing these on a timeline they provide a tool for exploring the usage and evolution of tags on Flickr. Their work concentrates on automatically discovering tags that are most 'interesting' for a particular time period.
Our paper makes a number of contributions to the problem of finding sparse representations of matrices.  State-of-the-art results: Experiments confirm the efficacy of our approach  , offering the best published results for matrix completion on Netflix  , an interpretable hierarchy of content  , and succinct matrix approximations for ratings  , image  , and network data.
The RW ModMax algorithm consists of two main phases: 1 the extraction of the top eigenvectors from the random walk modularity matrix and 2 the classification via a linear SVM. b Flickr
We create two subsets of the data by randomly sampling users but keeping all movies. In analyzing movies data  , we used the Netflix Prize dataset.
Hence  , there is a great need of automated support for entity-tagging on such social systems; this is the focus of our work. Flickr  , the fraction of entities with useful tags is minimal 23.
The first prototype has been implemented and evaluated on a dataset from Flickr. With regards to the data  , we selected a Flickr subset  , from the group Plant directory
WebKB This dataset contains webpages from computer science departments at around four different universities 7 . The four main categories are used for clustering  , while examples in the remaining categories are used as Urest.
use CF to deliver personalized recommendations to their users. CF has been shown to work well across various domains 2  , and many successful web-services such as Netflix  , Amazon  , YouTube and Yahoo!
WWW 2009  , April 20–24  , 2009Figure 1: An exemplary image from Flickr and its associated tag list. Distribution of these papers is limited to classroom use  , and personal use by others.
7shows the running time of the algorithms  , for the IMDB dataset and the three synthetic datasets. Fig.
Before the ClueWeb data collection was indexed  , we pre‐processed the WARC files from the collection into plain text documents associated with the corresponding TREC IDs. As Table 2shows  , the reduced plain text files were approximately 21% the size of the uncompressed  , WARC‐formatted files with markup tags.
With the advent of more location aware devices  , there is no doubt that the number of geo-tagged photos on Flickr and other sites grows rapidly. There are currently over 121 million geo-tagged photos on Flickr while there were only 40 million as reported by 13 in 2008.
In this paper  , we investigate the tweets of four diverse and popular web applications hereafter  , called domains: IMDb  , YouTube  , Goodreads  , and Pandora which contain movies  , video clips  , books  , and musics  , respectively. 3
2008 identified a proximity bias for Flickr users to link themselves to others nearby in the network. Mislove et al.
In the case of NetFlix 22  , anonymized user ratings were combined with IMDb ratings to infer individuals. In the case of token-based hashing  , prior search log releases were used.
Computing 5K recommendations for the Twitter  , Flickr and Epinions datasets took 40913  , 2169 and 1581 seconds  , respectively   , under the U N I propagation model. Runtime performance of continuous greedy.
In Flickr  , the hierarchy largely remains the same even as the graph becomes large. Hence  , social connections become less important and people do not connect to each other based on rank.
Out of the set of all the public geo-referenced Flickr pictures  , we selected a random sample of 17M public photos taken within the bounding boxes of London and Barcelona. Flickr.
Before reporting the results on the performance of our expert-CF approach  , we compare next the expert and Netflix datasets. The sparsity coefficient of the user data set is roughly 0.01 ,
Users have the option to tag pictures with keywords of their own selection . Flickr: On Flickr  , the entities to be tagged are pictures.
Similar to the setting of computing a relaxation skyline  , we varied the size of the R relation from 50 ,000 records to 120 ,000 records. The queries asked for top-10 points on the skyline  , based on the following weights: 0.2 and 0.4 for the selection conditions on R  , and 0.3 and 0.1 for the selection conditions on S. We evaluated the performance of the algorithms on the IMDB and the three synthetic datasets  , with different dataset sizes.
– Unifiying search concepts: The different search fields of the collections have to be mapped onto unified search concepts. For instance the Internet Movie Database IMDB 4 provides two different search fields referring to individuals  , one called " People " persons involved in the creation of a movie and one called " Character " name of the individual portrayed in a movie.
We do not apply spam filtering on the collection  , although insights from preliminary data exploration suggested that retrieval results may benefit substantially for any ad hoc retrieval system on this collection. Despite its " standard " character  , the nature and the size of the new Clueweb collection render the task challenging and interesting.
2014 for each image in the Flickr and Instagram datasets. 2013 and Yang et al.
To assess the impact of retransmission rate on download performance  , we compare the distributions of successful video downloads to failed video downloads for Netflix N  , Youtube Y  , and Instagram I in Figure 7 . This type of failure is indicative of a poor user experience  , often due to packet loss 22.
Our experiments were conducted with 3 RDF Web datasets  , DBpedia 3.5.1  , IMdb  , and Amazon. Further  , the datasets exhibit the heterogeneity previously illustrated in Figure 1.
CF has been shown to work well across various domains 2  , and many successful web-services such as Netflix  , Amazon  , YouTube and Yahoo! CF is a method of making predictions about an individual's preferences based on the preference information from many users.
This approach give satisfactory results in the absence of Clueweb dataset. We then used Clueweb's URL-DocId mapping to find urls of target entities present in Clueweb dataset and present corresponding DocID as final results.
Several studies investigate image browsing patterns of users. In this section we provide a brief overview of some of the Flickr and non-Flickr works that we consider to be most related.
For each of the detectable objects  , the Flickr classifiers output a confidence score corresponding to the probability that the object is represented in the image. To understand the content of the ad creative from a visual perspective  , we tag the ad image with the Flickr machine tags  , 17 namely deep-learning based computer vision classifiers that automatically recognize the objects depicted in a picture a person  , or a flower.
compared the structural properties of Flickr  , LiveJournal  , Orkut and YouTube 6 by examining link symmetry  , power law distributions of edges and nodes  , and local clustering of users. Mislove et al.
We built this co-occurrence network because the semantic relatedness among words naturally emerges from the network's community structure: semantically related nodes are those that are highly clustered together and weakly connected to the rest of the network. We first built a co-occurrence network where nodes are smell words and undirected edges are weighted with the number of times the two words cooccur in the same Flickr pictures as tags Flickr is the dataset containing the highest number of smell words.
Furthermore  , the continuous rating of content means that the data that an algorithm will be trained with at any particular time is likely to be different than data it trained with previously. The datasets do not only remain incredibly sparse  , but they also do not stabilise; recommender systems continuously have to make decisions based on incomplete and changing data  , and the range of the changes we observe in the Netflix data have a strong impact on the predictability of ratings.
The demand for more expressive mechanisms is reflected in the richness of preferences offered by web applications as diverse as matchmaking sites  , sites like Amazon and NetFlix  , and services like Google's AdSense. A first step towards such a general theory  , although under very different premises  , was recently undertaken by 9  , 10  , but  , especially in the light of 39  , any refinement of this theory would be highly interesting.
The differences however are not significant. For the Wikipedia dataset based on ClueWeb  , the proposed model also consistently outperforms SFI and LR.
Flickr provides an ample collection of geotagged photos and their associated user-generated tags. Describing geographical areas necessitates a dataset that associates rich descriptors with locations.
There are some cases where the Flickr evidence for snow is overwhelming   , but the NASA ground truth does not indicate snow. Figure 8b.
Photoshop Elements presents tag clouds or tags grouped by cate- gory 1. Flickr utilizes user-supplied tags and geographic tags to sort photos 9.
The MIRFLICKR collection 3 9  consists of 1 million images at the moment downloaded from the social photography site Flickr. MIRFLICKR Collection.
The queries for the former contained text attributes  , whereas queries for the latter collection contained text and structured attributes. world data collections were used in our experiments: GOV and IMDB.
First  , we have designed an ontology specific for personal photos from 10 ,000 active users in Flickr. To address the above issues  , we present a novel transfer deep learning approach with ontology priors to tag personal photos.
4 We used two constructed tables. The first real data set is from the Internet Movie Database IMDB.
Horror vs. Western " for imdb data or " rec.autos vs. rec.motorcycles vs. rec.sport.hockey " for the newsgroups data. Our experiments capture the behavior of restrictive base clustering methods and meta clustering  , for tuples of topics such as " Drama vs.
Information on IMDb is a result of social collective effort. 6 The site also offers a wealth of information about people involved with movies  , including biographies of actors  , directors and producers .
Members of Netflix receive movie recommendations based on their movie ratings 3. Users of Digg receive news articles based on other articles they find interesting 25.
The parameter k represents the number of nearest neighbors considered  , and controls the density of the voting graph. It is also worth noting that for the concepts in the MIR Flickr dataset  , the average number tagged images is much smaller than that in NUS-WIDE  , thus it suffers an early drop in performance on the MIR Flickr dataset.
With the edge pruning  , GC outperformed the content-only classifiers by a big margin. However  , our Sthresholding technique set to 0.25 in the IMDB case was very successful in pruning out the noise.
In the IMDB dataset multi-concept queries perform similar with rank correlation of 0.36  , 0.69. For example  , for λ= 0.01  , 0.5 the Spearman's rank correlation coefficient between the ranks of the query interpretations in the initial ranking and their ranks after diversification ranges between 0.74  , 0.82 for single concept queries and 0.4  , 0.67 for multiconcept queries in Lyrics.
The last.fm dataset contains 1 ,492 ,883 pictures  , spread over 58 ,366 events. We downloaded Flickr pictures with machine tags having a lastfm:event or upcoming:event as prefix using the Flickr API.
Then the proposed tag refinement method is evaluated within the filtered vocabulary. We first perform tag filtering on the Flickr dataset and obtain 4  , 556 content-related tags.
For each query  , we use ReDDE to select the top 5 sources for TREC123  , TREC4-Kmeans and ClueWeb-Wiki. For each information source  , we sample at most 300 documents for creating the centralized sample database.
Correlations are computed at region level. Both Flickr and Foursquare users are also associated with robust correlations r = 0.36 Table 4: Correlations between recognizability and Exposure by Region.
Training: For each of the 272 concepts  , we randomly selected about 650 images and obtained 180 ,000 images in total from ImageNet as the training data in the source domain. concepts and about 70% of the photos present more than three relevant or highly relevant concepts which indicates the complexity in the visual appearances of personal photos.
There has been some previous work on adding semantic labels to Flickr tags. Despite these two aspects  , we use similar concepts to analyse the tag relations.
Incorporating metric distances among different labels contributed to the very good performance of the GC method. In other situations where the neighborhood information is too noisy to be useful e.g.  , in the IMDB test case  , GC has built-in throttling capabilities that automatically regulate the degree to which GC considers neighborhood information.
Users can upload and share their pictures  , and they can also search among the public pictures. Flickr http://www.flickr.com is a popular photo sharing site which hosts about 2 billion images.
Varying the number of cores affects due to the difference in parallel efficiency. The normalized pairwise comparison time is about 1.24 nanoseconds for Twitter and 0.74 nanoseconds for ClueWeb using 300 AMD cores given τ = 0.8.
We imported movie information from the Internet Movie Database IMDB 2 for more than 375 ,000 movies and more than 1 ,200 ,000 persons actors  , directors  , etc. We indexed the collection with BM25 and a standard TF·IDF scoring model 13.
Flickr allows users to group their photos in album-like folders  , called sets. We describe how the social photosharing site Flickr 1 implements this feature.
The Netflix-48k dataset has a total of 10 ,015 ,137 ratings and the Netflix-24k dataset has 5 ,038 ,411 ratings. This creates one dataset of 48 ,090 users and 17 ,770 movies  , which we will refer to as Netflix-48k  , and one dataset of 24 ,047 users and 17 ,770 movies  , which we will refer to as Netflix-24k.
For the MovieLens and Netflix data sets  , algorithm effectiveness was measured by mean square error  , while on the Reuters data set classification error was used because it was more informative. To answer the third question  , we tested the efficiency of the new algorithm on the entire Netflix data set where about half a million user models need to be learned together.
Note that conventional CF benchmark datasets  , e.g.  , Netflix dataset  , are not enriched with contextual information. A more detailed description of the dataset and its collection procedure can be found in 6.
The importance of images in Flickr  , or of " nodes " in similar social media platforms might depend on a number of internal and external factors. Such ranking can have many applications  , including retrieval  , and information discovery  , among others.
Moreover  , although the " item " we study in this paper refers to news items  , it could be generalized to other types of items as well  , like movies in Netflix recommendation  , persons in LinkedIn people recommendation   , ads in online advertising platforms  , etc. One of the mpajor goals of this paper is to understand under which conditions   , we should demote/promote previously seen items.
 State-of-the-art results: Experiments confirm the efficacy of our approach  , offering the best published results for matrix completion on Netflix  , an interpretable hierarchy of content  , and succinct matrix approximations for ratings  , image  , and network data.  Bayesian model: We present a generative Bayesian non-parametric model and devise a collapsed Gibbs sampling algorithm  , bACCAMS  , for efficient inference.
IMDB database has a similar size while the US Patent databases is even larger and has 4 million nodes and 15 million edges. The complete DBLP database has about 300 ,000 authors and 500 ,000 papers resulting in about 2 million nodes and 9 million edges.
In both the Last.fm and Flickr cases  , the items are ranked incorrectly as the comments are not reflective of their intrinsic popularity. FLICKR BRONZE TROPHY GROUP Post "   , which is the cause for the excessive ratio of comments to views.
For example  , on the IMDB set the class-probability distribution for the corresponding classes in the graph is: Action -0.19  , Comedy -0.26  , Documentary -0.18  , and Drama -0.37. This construction procedure led to fairly balanced class-probability distributions on some of the datasets and to fairly skewed distributions on others.
Matrix approximation methods have shown great success in recommender systems. Experimental study on MovieLens and Netflix datasets demonstrates that the proposed method can outperform state-of-the-art matrix approximation based CF methods on recommendation accuracy and scalability.
This approach is unsafe if the Flickr web service is not trusted  , because it allows Flickr to observe or hijack the user's KittenMark session. We built another version of the mashup that downloads the data directly from the Flickr web service using a cross-domain <script> tag.
On the WebKB dataset  , we obtained a precision of 0.8137  , recall of 0.3081 and an accuracy value of 0.5413. Moreover  , the classification accuracies are not uniform across all subject areas.
In both workloads  , the estimation error drops faster during the first few iterations of our construction algorithm and follows a more gradual decrease thereafter. The improvement is more evident for the IMDB data set where estimation error drops close to 10% using a small fraction 1% of the space required by the " near-perfect " reference synopsis Table 1.
Query reformulation behaviours within search sessions have also been studied but are mostly limited to taxonomy based classifica- tions 20  , 28 and models based on syntactic changes 14. For example  , knowing that the user's previous query was "guardians of the galaxy" can help to inform a QAC system to promote the query "imdb" in ranking over "instagram" when the user has just typed "i" in the search box.
On Clueweb collections  , our analysis suggests that normalized tf values between 70-80 seem to be a reasonable cut-off point and thus  , in our experiments we set it to 75 empirically but that value may depend on the nature of the collection. We empirically by plotting identify the points at which the density graphs violate this smoothness for the first time and ignore all the data larger than this particular point.
To minimize the effect of Flickr and Foursquare biases e.g.  , Flickr pictures are taken predominantly during the day and by men  , we borrow normalization measures e.g.  , z-transformations from previous studies 21. To minimize the error that inevitably occurs in measuring Flickr and Foursquare activity measurement error  , we borrow measurement procedures from the literature 7  , 39.
Then 11 assessors were asked to annotate these queries  , each of them was assigned two queries and each query was annotated by two persons. To avoid overtraining  , we collected the top 100 results of online Google search engine for each query  , and kept the documents in the ClueWeb.
The publicized Netflix user-movie rating data  , on the other hand  , has 208.33 ratings on average for each user 3   , i.e.  , more than 30-fold sparser for purchases and 10-fold sparser for bids with the eBay transactional data. For example  , over a three-month period of time at eBay  , each buyer on average made 17.31 bids and won 5.63 of them.
OhAlg shows poor performance on IMDB because its rationale of incorporating weighted features from neighbors overreacts to the noise in the training data. The performance of LGAlg deteriorates dramatically on DBLP.
Flickr also maintains and updates periodically the Explore page 3   , a showcase of interesting photos. Every public photo can be marked as favorite or annotated with a textual comment by any user in the platform.
Some degree of feature removal reduced the amount of noise in the feature space and improved clustering effectiveness. With a large feature space e.g.  , with 30  , 000 features for WebKB  , unrelated documents were likely to be grouped together because of irrelevant common terms  , leading to a large number of false positive hence lower precision.
We have implemented this approach to predict ratings in the Netflix data set by looking at the ratings of 169 cinema critics  , obtaining comparable mean errors. The method's performance is comparable to traditional CF algorithms  , even when using an extremely small expert set.
Since the quality of blog training data is degraded by document-level relevance judgments that are based on opinion detection rather than opinion classification  , we decided to strengthen our lexicon base by adding terms extracted from a high quality sentiment-analysis data such as movie reviews 6 positive sample and a harvest of movie plot summaries negative sample from the Internet Movie Database 7 IMDb. The blog training data consist of 11 ,448 on-topic and opinionated positive sample and 8 ,301 on-topic but not opinionated negative sample blogs flagged in 2006 blog relevance judgments 5 .
The Bayesian model  , bACCAMS  , backfits in the first iteration of the sampler but ultimately resamples each stencil many times thus loosening these properties. Figure 5: For a given movie or TV show on Netflix  , we can use the cluster assignments to find related content.
For example  , the top search results for " netflix " indicate that this is often a navigational query the top two results are the Netflix home page and login page  , but it could also be used to search for information about the company. We found it surprisingly difficult to select queries for use in this study  , as most common search queries can apply to multiple information needs.
Previous studies of emergent wireless networks have observed connections between usage patterns and network per- formance 222815. We now look at media performance for Instagram  , Youtube  , and Netflix.
2 The depicted trends suggest similar likelihoods for both imdb and instagram  , although the popularity of the latter is rising. In particular  , the frequency distributions for instagram  , and imdb are demonstrated in Figure 1 bottom according to Google Trends.
However  , these preference signals are too sparse. To some extent   , this is provided by the user's own past activities  , such as which Facebook posts she liked or disliked  , or which products on Amazon she purchased  , or which movie on Netflix she rated high or low.
However  , because the number of photos uploaded to Flickr on any particular day and at any given spatial location is relatively low  , and because of imprecision in Flickr geo-tags  , we produce estimates at a coarser resolution of 1 degree square  , or roughly 100 × 100km 2 . Note that the surface area of these bins is non-uniform because lines of longitude get closer together near the poles.
Using SimRank 3 and spectral clustering 4  , we further automatically categorize the groups into 11 classes  , i.e. We collect 16145 images from 767 Flickr users  , which are contributed to 24 popular Flickr groups.
Flickr  , del.icio.us  , Technorati . User-supplied " tags "   , textual labels assigned to content  , have been a powerful and useful feature in many social media and Web applications e.g.
For WebKB  , we used a subset containing 4 ,199 documents and four categories. For Reuter-21578  , we used a subset consisting of 10 ,346 documents and 92 categories.
Stop words are removed in the Twitter and ClueWeb input datasets; additional approximated preprocessing may be applied to reduce sequential time significantly if the trade-off in accuracy is acceptable 13  , 19. Parallelization can shorten the job turnaround time and speedup iterative data analysis and experimentation.
We built the following indexes: Anchor B: contains the anchor text of all documents in ClueWeb category B. We used Indri 3 for indexing  , with stopwords removed and terms are stemmed using the Krovetz stemmer.
We collected this data using the public Flickr API  , by repeatedly searching for photos within random time periods and geo-spatial regions  , until the entire globe and all days between January 1  , 2007 and December 31  , 2010 had been covered. We use a sample of nearly 150 million geo-tagged  , timestamped Flickr photos as our source of user-contributed observational data about the world.
Evaluation on the Reuters data set showed that the new technique performed similar to the standard EM algorithm when the sparseness condition does not hold. Evaluation on the MovieLens and Netflix data sets demonstrated the effectiveness of the new technique when the data is sparse  , by which we mean the ratio of related user-feature pairs to unrelated pairs is small.
There are about 8 ,300 documents and they are divided into seven categories: student   , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. WebKB The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments.
Table II presents the detailed information of the IMDb-Extracted.This dataset is available https://novasearch.org/datasets/. The subjective sentences from split C are used for evaluation purposes.
 The combination of visual and textual features leads to a further average improvement 10.5%. The main result observations shown in Figure 11are:  Our diversification approaches clearly help to diversify Flickr query results according to the privacy dimension   , and  , compared to the original Flickr rank  , achieve an improvement of 8.7% using textual and 9.8% using visual features.
Second  , we extract those comments that have attracted a response by experts of cultural institutes. First  , we build a dataset from real world comments harvested from Flickr Commons.
She then compared the tag information for these photos to the other usergenerated information about the photo  , the title  , and the narrative caption. In this study she gathered a set of similar images from flickr.
excellentphotographeraward  and Flickr groups e.g. d60  , Flickr awards e.g.
Flickr presents an opportunity to study how and why individuals contribute to online communities. Below we explain the underlying theoretical assumptions of our model.
Finally  , the two datasets benchmarked in this paper  , Blog- Catalog and Flickr  , can be downloaded from: leitang.net/code/social-dimension/. The Matlab implementations of ModMax and EdgeCluster are publicly available at: leitang.net/code/social-dimension/.
Other models of time-varying data  , which are state-of-the-art for tasks such as movie recommendation on Netflix 9  , 15  , generally assume that users evolve according to a " global clock  , "   , i.e.  , their progression is tied to the calendar date. Hidden Markov Models capture how latent states change 5  , 7  , 19  , 22  , though they typically assume that all sequences share the same set of latent states and thus progress in the same way.
The dataset is derived from Flickr and it contains 197 ,391 geo-tagged photographs stored in a MySQL database. It consists of a geo-tagged photograph database  , and modules for search  , clustering  , tag cloud generation and visualization.
Also  , the taken time was automatically recorded into the photo metadata . The geographical location was automatically captured by location aware camera  , mobile phone  , or manually input by some tool in Flickr.
Flickr is a photo sharing site with social networking features  , where users can create friend relationships with one another and share photos. This paper focuses on these two features of Flickr.
For the sensor data  , 25 sensors independently obtained temperature readings on an hourly basis between June 2003 and June 2004  , for a total of 208 days. The second is the Internet Movie Database IMDB 2 .
The snapshot of Flickr data we analyzed had the following characteristics. Flickr also permits users to tag photos created by others.
To provide more comprehensive views of the interview Table 6  , we present the interview process for users in Netflix data set as well as the top-5 recommendations for them after the interview process. Thus  , the user profiles obtained by decision tree and the item profiles can adapt to each other and improve the prediction accuracy.
Netflix: This is the classic movie rating dataset used in the Netflix challenge 5 . We used three publicly available datasets from various real-world online websites: 21  , which originally contains 2 ,588 ,991 users  , 929 ,264 items and 12 ,886 ,488 ratings.
These were 20 topics for newsgroups  , 15 for reuters and 15 for the genres of imdb documents. For each data set we identified all topics with sufficiently many documents.
We also took IMDB Internet Movie DataBase 11 into consideration as input. The relevant standard for the description of multimedia is MPEG-7 10 .
In this paper  , we focus primarily on user's retweeting behavior in which we can only observe explicit retweeting information. However  , unlike the traditional recommendation systems such as Netflix  , Amazon  , large amounts of social information is implicit data which can be generated by user's behaviors such as following  , like  , retweeting  , etc.
This is similar to what is described in an Internet Movie Database IMDb record. Works are the most abstract level and contain information about movies or programs as intellectual or artistic creations.
For example  , Figure 1shows the webpage of the " Architecture " Flickr group with more than 29000 members and 400000 images. Media-sharing websites such as Flickr and YouTube contain massive social networks  , where people are connected by their common interests on certain types of images or videos and generate millions of sub-communities 1.
However  , our Sthresholding technique set to 0.25 in the IMDB case was very successful in pruning out the noise. The IMDB experiment faced the particular challenge that the data had very noisy links: on average a movie node was connected to almost 100 other nodes.
Other annotation projects tend to focus on particular fields  , G-Portal geography and ATLAS linguistics and support a number of user groups within the field. Although many of the developed tools SHOE Knowledge Annotator  , MnM annotation tool  , and WebKB focus on HTML pages  , the CREAting Metadata for the Semantic Web CREAM annotation framework promises to support manual and semi-automated annotation of both the shallow and deep web through the development of OntoAnnotate 21.
For our experiments we chose SVM Regression using the SVMlight 15  implementation with standard parameterization for regression . Ranking algorithms order a set of objects  , Flickr photos in our case  , according to their relevance values.
We applied filters to remove blatantly inaccurate metadata  , in particular removing photos with geotag precision less than about city-scale as reported by Flickr  , and photos whose upload timestamp is the same as the EXIF camera timestamp which usually means that the camera timestamp was missing. We collected this data using the public Flickr API  , by repeatedly searching for photos within random time periods and geo-spatial regions  , until the entire globe and all days between January 1  , 2007 and December 31  , 2010 had been covered.
Given the large link graph of the ClueWeb collection   , we want to exploit co-citation information to find entities similar to the example entity. For the Entity Ranking topics an example relevant entity is provided.
IMDb is the biggest information repository about movies and is freely available. As advertised in the introduction  , we want to "wrap" the Internet Movie Database.
For our study  , we collected data from the three social networks Twitter  , Flickr and Yelp  , including extensive ground truth of 13 ,629 users with accounts on both Twitter and Flickr and 1 ,889 users with accounts on both Twitter and Yelp. Our approaches work independent of standard privacy measures  , such as disabling tracking cookies or using anonymizing proxies.
We observed average kappa values of 0.33 in IMDB and 0.28 in Lyrics. We computed agreement between the participants using kappa statistics 15.
Flickr data repository  , the same protocol can essentially be followed by using the open Flickr API. We emphasize here that: 1 while our study focus on leveraging information from a particular rich media sharing site  , Flickr  , the work is easily extensible to any other social repository   , where uses can share semantically and geo-temporally tagged rich media; 2 while we process the internal Yahoo!
For instance  , flickr embeds RDF into HTML pages for publishing available license information  , and all major blogging engines provide RDF-based RSS feeds. The approach already works in specific domains.
The New York Times annotated corpus was a relatively new development and had not been extensively adopted for clustering experi- ments. Some of these collections  , including the WebKB 4 universities data  , the 20 Newsgroups collection   , and the RCV1 Reuters corpus  , had been widely used for text clustering and classification research.
This paradigm is in contrast to platforms like Flickr and del.icio.us  , where selecting a tag results in a new search with that tag only. The user can easily explore different directions in adding or removing tags.
On the Netflix dataset  , MudRecS achieves a RMSE score 8 8 MAE scores were not computed on the Netflix dataset due to their unavailability for the other 20 recommenders. The small difference between the RMSE and MAE scores of MudRecS  , as shown in Figure 8  , verifies that the error in incorrect ratings predicted by MudRecS is insignificant  , since the larger the errors is  , the heavier they are penalized by the RMSE measure  , which increases the difference between RMSE and MAE.
From Figure 2d  , we can clearly see that relevant and non-relevant document length on Clueweb B can be distinguished from their distributional frequencies. On disk1&2  , .GOV2 and WT10g  , the center of the non-relevant document length distribution shifts far away to the right of the relevant document length distribution .
The IMDb also has the possibility to add soundtrack listings to a movie. In the IMDb  , users enter various types of movie information  , including plot summaries  , keyword summaries  , actor listings and reviews.
The Matlab implementation of the RW ModMAX is made publicly available at: github.com/rdevooght/RWModMax. Finally  , the two datasets benchmarked in this paper  , Blog- Catalog and Flickr  , can be downloaded from: leitang.net/code/social-dimension/.
In a different context  , contests for designing mobile apps for health or education might compute scores for submissions based on their performance on metrics of efficacy in randomized trials 2   , and rank entries based on these scores. For instance  , the well-known Netflix contest  , designed to procure improved algorithms for movie recommendations  , evaluated entries according to how well they predicted user preferences on a test subset of its user database  , with the algorithm that obtained the highest score being declared the winner.
In addition  , a different movie such as Michael Moore's most recent documentary would certainly have a different underlying intent distribution. However  , since the focus is on the dominant actions  , the search engine underserves  , for instance  , a Netflix user seeking other actions such as adding the movie to her streaming queue  , or a child trying to find a toy figurine.
Furthermore  , in some cases for ClueWeb  , the Wikipediabased predictors outperform the corpus-based predictors. For the ClueWeb tracks  , the integration often posts statistically significant improvements.
Users can post photos on this site and annotate them with tags. Flickr is an extremely popular online photosharing site.
We prune it via selecting 186 ,577 image-tag pairs that belong to the ten largest concepts. The NUS-WIDE database contains 269 ,648 labeled images crawled from Flickr  , and is manually annotated with 81 categories.
We have also observed similar behaviors on the other three datasets  , i.e.  , WebKB  , ReutersV1 and Reuters21578. Therefore  , a relatively small value of l is normally suggested.
Interestingly  , Comcast managed to enter a so-called paid-peering relationship 16  with Level 3 and Limelight  , under which the Tier- 1 ISP and the CDN have to pay the access ISP for higher bandwidth on the last mile connection. Since most of the Netflix customers are based in the U.S.  , they often use Comcast  , the biggest access ISP  , as the last-mile access provider.
We locate and download the photos  , along with their metadata e.g. Our dataset is consisted of geo-tagged photos retrieved using Flickr API for the major cities including Manhattan  , Taipei  , Tokyo  , London  , Paris  , Berlin  , and San Francisco.
3 examined privacy decisions in mobile and online photo sharing using Flickr. Ahern et al.
Thus  , we can reasonably assume that build teams are not uncommon in large software development organizations. In addition  , at the 2013 International Workshop on Release Engineer- ing 2 see proceedings for individual papers and talk abstracts  , presentations from NetFlix  , Mozilla  , LinkedIn  , and GNOME as well as workshop attendees from companies including Qualcomm and VMWare all indicated that build was a complicated  , evolving  , and time consuming process that required dedicated teams in their organizations.
The strength of Twitter as a medium for information diffusion stands out by the speed of retweets. reports that favorite photos diffuse in the order of days in Flickr 4.
In this work we take only a static view of feed subscriptions and folder usage. By visualizing these on a timeline they provide a tool for exploring the usage and evolution of tags on Flickr.
However  , we avoid this issue considering a first level of external links in addition to the Flickr network  , i.e.  , the set of websites from which the users enter in Flickr. Therefore  , a ranking performed by PageRank-like algorithms applied to the entire Web can present very different results compared to the same algorithms applied to our subnetwork.
Our motivations to study this particular problem are three-fold. In this paper  , we study the particular problem of estimating geotemporal distributions of ecological phenomena using geo-tagged  , time-stamped photos from Flickr.
As part of the training data  , Netflix also provides test data the 'probe' set  , containing 1 ,408 ,395 ratings. In this case the meta data features push the performance above that of of 12 even though they used T = 75% for training and we only used T = 5%.
Another limitation results from the ranking of resources as implemented by platforms such as YouTube  , Flickr  , and del.icio.us. an artist.
When making choices  , nowadays lots of people refer to these review sites for guidance. For example we have IMDb and MovieLens for movies  , Yelp for restaurants  , TripAdvisor for hotels and attractions.
Thus even Sophie initially said of her Photos uploaded to Facebook were often described in different terms than those uploaded to sites such as Flickr as we saw earlier  , or kept on one's own disks.
The main challenge this year was to construct a related entity finding system that runs on the complete ClueWeb Cat A collection. 2 We then replaced entities by a unique identifier and indexed the documents using the Indri toolkit 3 resulting in 10 indexes one for each part of ClueWeb Cat A.
The queries asked for top-10 points on the skyline  , based on the following weights: 0.2 and 0.4 for the selection conditions on R  , and 0.3 and 0.1 for the selection conditions on S. We evaluated the performance of the algorithms on the IMDB and the three synthetic datasets  , with different dataset sizes. For each run we used an equi-join query with four selection conditions two selection conditions on each relation.
For IMDB 2   , we take all the actors/actresses who have performed in more than 10 movies since 2005 and consider movie locations as their attributes. Co-authorship prediction is considered as link recommendation problem for DBLP.
Users can add their images to suitable groups such that they can be more easily accessed. Groups in Flickr are self-organized communities with common interests.
As shown in this table  , FullModel has the social influence measures that are closest among all comparison partners to those of the real data set in both Epinions and Flickr. Note that since ratings in Flickr have binary values  , rating adoption influence is not applicable to Flickr.
Inspection of the actual query interpretations reveals that this is mainly due to the fact that ranking by relevance in Lyrics prefers complete query interpretations with large result sizes i.e. We observed a slight improvement by diversification for k=2…11 in the IMDB dataset  , whereas in Lyrics WS-recall at corresponding k values slightly decreased.
Storyboards are often downloaded by the mobile video streaming application before video playback starts  , which allows users to browse the video storyline . Other video service providers  , including Netflix and Hulu  , were even earlier adopters of this feature than YouTube.
Similarly  , Figure 2adepicts the distribution of the number of ratings per movie: the average movie has over 1  , 000 Netflix user ratings  , compared to an average of 100 expert ratings. Figure 2balso shows that an average expert has rated around 400 movies and 10% have rated 1  , 000 movies or more.
In the latter case  , every user essentially rates other users and receive ratings from them. For example  , a movie is an object in case of IMDB  , and a user could be an object in case of networks such as Epinions and Slashdot.
The NUS-WIDE dataset 3  collected from Flickr 5 contains 269 ,648 web images with their associated tags. Table 1shows basic statistics for both datasets.
Second  , a number of entity homepages i.e.  , ClueWeb docIDs are made available as part of the topic definition  , as examples of known relevant answers. First  , entities are not represented by their homepages  , but by a unique URI from a specific collection  , a sample from the Linked Open Data cloud.
 Subspace. 2 2 Our choice of Flickr as an example untrusted web service is not meant to disparage Flickr in any way.
The exponential decay function of CRCS makes it more stable on the Clueweb collection  , which exhibits a highly skewed distribution of source sizes. With CRCS  , the top 500 sample documents returned by the centralized sample database are considered.
We argue that this metadata constitutes a novel source of evidence for learning folksonomies. First  , we describe user-specified relations  , and how they are used on Flickr Section 2.
In order to assess the RMSE on the test set  , participants need to submit their results to Netflix. In order to evaluate the prediction accuracy   , there is a test set containing 2 ,817 ,131 ratings whose values are withheld and unknown for all the participants.
On the other hand  , the release of these logs to the greater public would be catastrophic from a privacy perspective. In the case of NetFlix 22  , anonymized user ratings were combined with IMDb ratings to infer individuals.
The least mean squares loss is a mainstay in collaborative filtering  , not the least due to the Netflix contest. Our work uses a Gaussian mixture model to capture information in users and attributes.
Figure 1shows examples of pages that are mapped to each entity  , noting that all pageviews that show the same entity are condensed into a single node in the BrowseGraph. Therefore  , we build a BrowseGraph based on our Flickr data: we create one node of the graph for each pageview that refers to one of three entities in Flickr  , namely users  , groups  , and photos.
28  made a comparison between di↵erent ranking techniques applied to the Flickr BrowseGraph. Trevisiol et al.
This collection contains 2  , 780 information sources and about 151 million documents  , which is much larger than most other testbeds that have been previously used in federated search. The federated search testbed derived from Clueweb is publicly available 2 as an attempt to offer a large and realistic testing environment for federated search.
In this paper  , we propose to use social media streams to annotate Flickr images corresponding to events. Additionally  , as users tend to annotate Flickr images with a small number of popular tags 11  , there is a lower topic coverage on Flickr in comparison to the vast amount of content and coverage of tweets and users on Twitter.
Our first dataset is extracted from the Internet Movie Database. IMDB.
Most existing work focuses on upside management by finding the best items to recommend to a user. A host of academic and industrial incarnations of recommender systems exist in domains such as movies Netflix  , music Pandora  , and ecommerce product recommendations eBay  , Amazon.
We do not use any form of stemming and remove a conservative list of 588 stopwords. For our submitted runs in phase 1 we used the Category B subset of ClueWeb  , while for the runs in phase 2 we used Category A.
This filtering step was done to ensure all movies had a general level of attractiveness and popularity. We only selected movies that appeared in the year 1980 or after and with sufficiently many votes on IMDb 800 or more.
A tree with random initialization and subsequent optimization was found to minimize the objective function on par with more computationally expensive approaches . The optimization error of EM-tree is robust with respect to different initializations when producing fine-grained clusters of ClueWeb.
All the tools that will be described here were developed using PHP. were collected by using the Flickr API.
Thus  , we get two additional experimental setups for ClueWeb: Clue09+SpRM and Clue10+SpRM. To address spam effects in ClueWeb  , we filtered out the spammiest documents from the result lists those assigned a spam score below 50 by Waterloo's clas- sifier 4 and retained the original ranking for the residual corpus.
We now describe how we test algorithms for user selection in an offline manner on the Netflix dataset. We then adapt the dataset to our setting as follows:
Since the primary motivation of our model is collaborative filtering we begin by discussing results on the classic Netflix problem; accuracy is measured in RMSE. a denotes the number of anchor points for LLORMA and sizes listed are the parameter space size.
The result is a method for discovering POIs previously not found in sponsored listings or online gazetteers. We localize the POI mentions using location models inferred from Flickr data.
Each vertical contains several resources  , for example  , the " image " vertical contains resources such as Flickr and Picasa. news " .
In this section we study the quality of answers and the execution time of Bidirectional search with respect to two versions of Backward expanding search  , and the Sparse algorithm from 8 . IMDB database has a similar size while the US Patent databases is even larger and has 4 million nodes and 15 million edges.
The graph node corresponding to a data element is named with an abbreviation of the element's label and a unique id number. As an example  , Figure 1a depicts an example XML data graph modeled after the Internet Movie Database IMDB XML data set www.imdb.com  , showing two movies and three actors.
The two most well known Web 2.0 social tagging websites  , Del.icio.us and Flickr  , have been purchased by Yahoo!. has given us a solution to this problem not long ago.
In Section 4 we show the results of initial experiments with Flickr and del.icio.us tag sets. In Section 3 we present our approach to integrate folksonomies with the semantic web.
MyTag 4 partially overcomes this limitation by providing a single interface to retrieve combined results from Flickr  , YouTube  , and del.icio.us. But still they are far from being a comprehensive platform for organizing all types of personal data.
With this task  , we aim to encourage vertical domain modeling from the participants. Each vertical contains several resources  , for example  , the " image " vertical contains resources such as Flickr and Picasa.
However  , these algorithms utilize only the history of ratings or votings for the items generated by users and do not consider additional hints such as the textual content of the items for recommendations. The probabilistic matrix factorization technique in 23 was also developed for movie recommendations in Netflix 20  to predict user ratings on movies.
Thus  , 20 ,000 Flickr images are labeled by three human subjects  , the majority voting is employed. Establishing Ground Truth: For training and evaluating the proposed method  , we need to know the sentiment la- bels.
Along with other TREC Web track participants  , we will be looking into characteristics of the ClueWeb collection  , and seeking to understand performance on topics. ARSC is continuing with several different approaches to experimentation in information retrieval.
Therefore  , computing term frequency and cosine term similarity in our system could detect spam documents that use many junk words that affect the impact of each term the cosine term similarity in our method. 7 studied the spam filtering in the  " ClueWeb " collection and showed that the spam filtering could significantly improve the performance of a system.
Little  , however  , has been published on their development. Finance  , Froogle  , EngineSpec  , Zoominfo  , and IMDB.
Opinion lexicons were utilized by opinion scoring modules to compute opinion scores of documents  , and the combined opinion score in conjunction with the on-topic retrieval score was used to boost the ranks of opinionated documents. In creating the opinion lexicons  , we extracted terms from external sources e.g.  , IMDb movie reviews and plot summaries as well as the blog collection.
Each photo is represented by a geographic location  , indicated by longitude and latitude  , and one or more tags assigned to the photo by the uploading user. Our Flickr dataset contains a sample of over 56 million georeferenced images uploaded to Flickr before the end of 2010.
While this will clearly require an explanation to the users  , existing sites such as NetFlix 3 and Digg 36 already provide personalized content ratings implying that users do accept personalized ratings. Additionally  , the ratings in Iolaus are personalized  , meaning different users may see different rankings for the same content object.
In the Imdb setting  , the reductions of sorted accesses were not as high as for Gov but the run-time reductions reached a factor of about 10 at a high macroaveraged precision of 0.71 to 0.75. For example  , for the Gov query " weather hazard extremes " Prob-con and Prob-smart needed 25802 and 19401 sorted accesses with run-times 0.59 and 0.68 seconds   , whereas TA-sorted required 160002 accesses and ran in 55.60 seconds for k=20  , at precision 0.9 and 0.75  , resp.
batman names which represent the entities. reviews were extracted from the IMDb www.imdb.com  movie database and  , the actors and characters e.g.
Conversely  , the expert set contains around 100  , 000 movie ratings  , yielding a sparsity coefficient of 0.07. An average Netflix user has rated less than 100 movies while only 10% have rated over 400 movies.
Standard search algorithms rank the nodes in the graph based on their relevance to the given query. Netflix graph-based search algorithms are gaining importance.
Figure 7shows bandwidth consumption for IMDB. the first columns of Tables 4  , 5 and 6 show the bandwidth results for GOV  , XGOV  , and IMDB respectively.
All runs used the default light stemming option in Zettair that removes the suffixes: -e -es -s -ed -ing -ly -ingly  , and replaces the suffixes -ies  , -ied with -y. Runs were generated using a customised version of the Zettair search engine which was adapted to deal with the large scale ClueWeb collection.
This indicates that in the Flickr data set  , users tend to create more social relations compared to adding photos to their favorites list. The estimated value of ϕ is 0.52 for Epinions and 0.83 for Flickr.
We extracted the information needed to define the different semantic and emotion spaces from the IMDb website 6 . The rating scale takes values from 1 not liked to 5 most liked.
We varied the total number of selection conditions between 2 and 6. 7shows the running time of the algorithms  , for the IMDB dataset and the three synthetic datasets.
We did not use any form of stemming and removed a conservative list of 588 stopwords. We made use of the English portion of the Clueweb A document collection.
DL + FT achieved the best Tag ranking DTL GFK DLFlickr DL DL+TT DL+BT DL+FT DL+withinDomain Figure 7: The top-N error rates of different approaches for tagging personal photos and an ideal performance obtained by training and testing on ImageNet denoted as DL+withinDomain. When further integrating transfer learning to deep learning  , DL+TT  , DL+BT and DL+FT achieve better performance than the DL approach.
In addition  , at the 2013 International Workshop on Release Engineer- ing 2 see proceedings for individual papers and talk abstracts  , presentations from NetFlix  , Mozilla  , LinkedIn  , and GNOME as well as workshop attendees from companies including Qualcomm and VMWare all indicated that build was a complicated  , evolving  , and time consuming process that required dedicated teams in their organizations. However  , based on information on their blogs and websites we know that build teams exist in Microsoft 9  , Facebook 1   , Google 2   , Gentoo Linux 3   , and Eclipse 4 .
YouTube shows the highest correlation while Flickr is the lowest. It is worth noting that correlation levels dramatically differ in each dataset.
The volume of English portion of uncompressed ClueWeb category A is about 15 TB. The most significant change in TREC 2010 Entity Track is the enlargement of data set.
The latter is probably due to the fact that Wikipedia pages are no longer accepted as relevant answers. The former  , in part  , might be necessitated by the move to ClueWeb English; groups that could not handle the collection resorted to Web search engine APIs.
This categorical data can then be used to recommend new songs that are similar to the songs that a user has liked before. Similarly  , Netflix has a lot of categorical data on movies and TV such as Cast  , Director  , Producers   , Release Date  , Budget  , etc.
As described above  , we train the Caffe library 18 using 1.3 million images annotated with 1000 ImageNet classes 6 and apply it to classify Pinterest images. These are known for a good performance in semantic clustering of images 7; and 2 Recognised objects in the image  , represented by a probability or confidence level for each of 1000 objects  , as obtained from Caffe.
1 http://www.netflixprize.com/ Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Examples of such systems are Amazon.com for products  , and Netflix 1 for movies.
We used two different random selections for a total of five conditions  , including our system. Flickr interestingness is the website's measure of the attention given by other users to photographs.
Roughly 32% of Flickr images were identified within the correct city. The evaluation is non-standard  , so it is not possible to compare their results with the other systems in the literature.
A number of entity homepages i.e.  , ClueWeb docIDs are made available as part of the topic definition  , as examples of known relevant answers.The ELC task then is defined as follows: There are two main differences to REF: Entities are not represented by their homepages  , but by a unique URI from a specific collection  , a sample from the Linked Open Data cloud.
In addition  , Facebook also generates " topic pages " from Wikipedia articles  , giving them a display name from the title of that article but no handle name. It is sometimes the case that an affiliate profile does not have a specific handle name – for instance   , Netflix uses " Netflix " as its official profile's handle name 10   , but does not provide one for its Latin American affiliate 11 .
The main reason to do so is that we are interested in the navigation between entities in Flickr. Flickr contains other page categories e.g.  , personal settings and photo upload pages which we do not consider so we refer to them as non-entities and we do not create any nodes for them.
7 for similar photos  , whereas imgSeek is a photo collection manager with built in CBIR. retrievr makes use of the hand drawn sketch or low quality scan to search Flickr!
Both neighbor-CF and expert-CF used the same settings: a similarity threshold of 0.01 and a confidence measure of 10. If two movies had the same mean  , we ranked them based on how many experts had rated the movie; iii Neighbor-CF: Each survey respondents' profile was compared to the ratings of the users in the Netflix data subset: the top-10 list was derived by ordering the unrated movies with predictions higher than the recommendable threshold; and iv Expert-CF: Similar to iii  , but using the expert dataset instead of the Netflix ratings.
present to discover hypergroups in Flickr  , i.e.  , communities consisting of groups of Flickr groups  , while such hypergroups could serve to enrich Flickr's traditional group search 13. Negoescu et al.
login credentials. Online photo sharing website Flickr offers creation of a list of friends through Yahoo!
Geomapping RSS feeds: There has been renewed interests in geomapping content especially photos e.g.  , Flickr and other third party service providers like Smugmug 7 and MapBureau 8. None of these focus on geomapping RSS feeds.
Experimental evaluation conducted on IMDb dataset shows that taking into account these social features in a textual model improves the quality of returned search results. The proposed model is based on language model that incorporates this a priori knowledge.
By encouraging their users to create a social network  , these companies can benefit from providing recommendations based not only on past purchase behaviour  , but also based on their customers' social behaviour. An interesting approach to consider would be the potential commercial value of the item recommendation system we propose  , in large-scale case studies such as Amazon.com and Netflix.
The cell is represented by the distribution of tags associated with its images. We estimated the models from the raw tags associated with ten million geotagged Flickr images  , uploaded to Flickr before October 2010.
Interestingly   , the progressive algorithm Prob-pro did not do as well as expected; its capabilities for early pruning are limited and its queue management  , which required many insert and delete operations  , is a significant cost factor. For the Gov and Imdb settings Prob-con temporarily even created a larger queue than the TA-sorted baseline using periodic garbage collection  , but Prob-con dropped this large queue quickly after initialization and then distributed the remaining candidate items to multiple small queues.
Number of Ratings and Data Sparsity. Before reporting the results on the performance of our expert-CF approach  , we compare next the expert and Netflix datasets.
BrowseRank and PageRank  , instead  , overshadow a bit the very popular content inside Flickr to provide images with higher semantic variety and with apparently stronger interest from a broader part of the Web outside of Flickr. Artistic photos made by professionals are prevalent.
Our research shares a similar motivation with those studies: we also seek a model of the interaction and evolvement of social networks. They used the Flickr dataset and analyzed the effects.
We made an additional run where Wikipedia pages without Clueweb links are retained in the ranking and a dummy Clueweb page is inserted in the result to make them the right format. In our official runs  , in the third step all Wikipedia pages without matches to the Category B URL's are dropped from the ranking.
At the beginning  , SAJ performed the worst. For the IMDB dataset  , PJ was the best.
Unlike neighborhood-based methods  , latent factor models assume that similarity between users and items is simultaneously induced by some hidden lower-dimensional structure in the data. An alternative powerful methodology that has been used with positive results in recommender systems is the latent factor model 21  , an approach that emerged from research fueled by the Netflix prize 1 .
In summary  , we have made the following contributions: i A new type of interaction options based on ontologies to enable scalable interactive query construction  , and a theoretical justification about the effectiveness of these options; ii A scheme to enable efficient generation of top-k structured queries and interaction options   , without the complete knowledge of the query interpretation space; iii An experimental study on Freebase to verify the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed approach; iv To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt to enable effective keyword-based query construction on such a large scale database as Freebase  , considering that most existing work on database keyword search uses only test sets of small schemas  , such as DBLP  , IMDB  , etc. Finally  , we conducted extensive experiments on Freebase demonstrating the effectiveness and the efficiency of our approach.
Optimal λ is achieved at 0.6 in DBLP and 0.2 in IMDB  , and the combination of attribute and structural features is much better than using attribute or structure properties individually. λ controls the tradeoff between attribute and structural properties.
In this paper  , we use Del.icio.us annotations for analysis and evaluation. The algorithm is generally designed for any social annotation environment  , e.g.  , Del.icio.us  , Flickr.
Social tagging differs from conventional methods of resource categorisation based on taxonomies  , controlled vocabularies  , faceted classification and ontologies. Examples of popular social tagging systems include del.icio.us  , Flickr  , YouTube  , Cite-U-Like and Last.fm.
These sites instruct the browser to delete the cookie client-side  , but do not invalidate the session server-side. To our surprise we found that many popular websites including Linkedin  , Blogspot  , IMDB  , CNN  , MSN  , eBay and Yahoo!  , do not properly invalidate session tokens on logout see Table 2for a complete list.
Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed scheme is able to rank Flickr image tags according to their relevance levels. The whole process is automatic and do not need any manually labeled training data.
This means that some articles are repeated many times with different vocabulary names and the TREC identifiers used in the ClueWeb data. Sometimes  , Wikipedia articles use different vocabulary terms to describe the same article.
Finally  , we computed the Pearson correlation of the learned λ l 's values averaged over the train folds and cluster sizes between experimental settings. These findings attest to the redundancy of feature functions when employing ClustMRF for the non-ClueWeb settings and to the lack thereof in the ClueWeb settings.
One reason for smaller difference is that the baseline NDCG@10 numbers are very high  , which makes the relative improvements smaller. Results on MQ-2009 collection also show that MVD is significantly more effective than all the baselines  , however the relative differences are smaller compared to Clueweb  tions.
In other cases we may only have data showing which items were clicked on by a user  , where we assume that a user clicking on an item provides implicit evidence that it is interesting to them for example the Google news recommender system 6. Frequently  , data on user preferences is in the form of ratings on an ordinal scale for example Netflix 1  where each user's interpretation of this scale may be different.
The algorithm is generally designed for any social annotation environment  , e.g.  , Del.icio.us  , Flickr. In this section  , we give an overview of the ELSABer algorithm as shown in Algorithm 1.
Several contestants of the NetFlix Prize use modified versions of the above al- gorithm. Webb 19  modified this basic algorithm by introducing weight decay regularization and range clipping.
A grid is placed over the world map which results in equally sized cells. Specifically  , the tags assigned to images on Flickr are exploited as query terms.
The previous sections show that representing the location of posts with clusters and identifying similar location profiles with the Cosine distance achieve the best tradeoff between TPR and FPR for identifying correlated accounts in Flickr-Twitter and Yelp-Twitter. Finally  , Flickr posts have more common locations with the corresponding Twitter account than Yelp posts do.
The privacy controls of Flickr are similar  , but also distinguish between friends and relatives. For example  , Delicious allows to make objects and tags invisible for anybody except the creator.
This enables retrieval systems to find more relevant entities  , but potentially mixed with more irrelevant ones. The data collection is the English subset of ClueWeb category A  , which is ten times larger than last year.
property. The data was obtained from Flickr flickr.com  , a Yahoo !
Their experiment results are performed on the movie data Movielens and Netflix with matrix density being 4.26% and 1.18% respectively. They found that such methods perform better for ranking metrics  , such as recall and precision 9.
Table 2: bACCAMS achieves an accuracy for matrix completion on Netflix better than or on-par with the best published results  , while having a parameter space a fraction of the size of other methods. By using a Bayesian model with bACCAMS  , we do not overfit the training data and thus can use more stencils for prediction  , greatly improving the prediction accuracy.
to textual data for clustering of social media documents e.g.  , Flickr images according to previously unknown real-life events. 7 analyzed the effectiveness of combining meta-data information tags  , time  , location  , etc.
corresponding Flickr photos or events from Upcoming.org. SIOC data on threads for a particular topic or tag is also of interest; this could be combined with content from other sources matching that topic tag e.g.
Similar to the MovieLens experiments  , we binarized all ratings and evaluated performance using both binary and rating NDCG@10. For Netflix experiments we used the full Netflix dataset with 100M ratings from 480K users on 17.7K movies.
The corpora include both newswire Robust04 and web pages ClueWeb. A summary of the document collections used in these experiments is presented in Table 2.
This resulted in a test set size of 1423 pairs in product reviews  , and 205 pairs in merchant reviews  , and 13 ,141 pairs in Netflix– small test sets due to the selectivity of test points. Each test set was further pruned by the threshold mentioned earlier: if the difference in ratings that the author gave the two products was less than 2 stars  , the test data point was not used.
With probability Φr  , In Flickr  , all rating values are 1.
Then from both data sets  , we randomly picked a set of 10600 users that have rated more than 40 different movies  , where 10000 are used as the training data and the other 100 and 500 are used for parameter tuning and testing purposes respectively. Due to the huge size of the Netflix data  , we extract a subset comprised of the ratings on the 2000 movies with the most ratings.
Figure 1shows the general structure of this system. The idea of using explicit user feedback is motivated by the success of online reviewing/rating systems such as Flickr 2   , Netflix 3   , and YouTube 4   , which have demonstrated that millions of users are willing to provide explicit ratings about items.
Moreover  , in Flickr  , only the names of these photostreams are presented  , with no thumbnails of pictures shown  , which may negatively impact the number of direct transitions between streams. In the present Flickr interface   , photostreams which are reachable from the currently browsed stream with just 1 click are the ones that the displayed photo belongs to.
Our work empirically supports trends identified in survey studies regarding Tribal broadband usage: we show that social media is the most popular application in the network in addition to other mediaoriented applications like Netflix  , Youtube  , and iTunes. Age demographics also play an important role in Tribal broadband usage.emplified in the lack of online shopping traffic due to unreliable delivery infrastructure.
Much work has been made for image ranking inside a social network as Flickr  , and in many cases they focus around the images with the highest number of favorites  , as that is the clearest explicit action that users can make to show their interest for a specific photo. 21 use a random walk algorithm for tag ranking in Flickr  , to overcome the sparsity problem of the tags associated to the images inside the social network.
As a toy example   , consider how these numbers apply to a small company of 10 employees  , where all of them have Flickr accounts. For San Francisco  , at 1% FPR  , we have 60% TPR to match Flickr and Twitter accounts and 42% TPR for Yelp to Twitter.
When clicked  , this Flickr image will be used as a content-based image query into the CLEF collection. b The " upper bound " text only interface When the mouse is hovered over a Flickr result in area B  , an icon appears on the bottom right of the thumbnail.
To further evaluate the efficiency  , we compare the time and memory of the five ranking algorithms on WEBKB. This drastic speedup and decrease in RAM is due to the memorization of σmaxT k  for computing USM  , thus saving much time and space for repetitive matrix multiplications.
Based on this implementation  , taking our experiment as an example  , we detect 101 sub-nets from 40 ,170 Flickr users. Finally  , users are connected to the cores based on their initial user similarities.
It is desired to construct a new dataset based on ClueWeb for experiments in federated search. For distributed environment in a different problem setting  , ClueWeb has been used in 15.
We examined the fraction of favorite markings that spread through social links in Flickr. The fraction
This led to approximately 8 ,000 documents containing 367 ,417 facet-value pairs spread among 19 facets. The IMDB corpus was trimmed to contain only documents found in either the MovieLens or Netflix corpora .
Combined with the analysis of image search query logs and Flickr tagging behaviour we are able to present the user with conceptual query refinements. network.
For CODICIL methods  , the running time includes both edge sampling and clustering stage. The running time on CiteSeer has already been discussed  , and here we focus on Flickr and Wikipedia.
Future research might explore interfaces for differentiating between quality and preference and examine the role quality and preference play in different domains. Perhaps because of this  , most systems such as YouTube and Netflix only collect ratings along the preference dimension.
2 that employs two well-know datasets  , IMDb and Wikipedia  , and an ideal counterpart due to its smaller size  , Mondial. In our experiments  , we used the benchmark provided by Coffman et al.
We use the ClueWeb Anchor text index that is described in Section 2. Our first approach tries to apply an ad hoc retrieval method to the task of related entity finding.
We implemented and tested the framework using real-world data from the social network flickr. Details are omitted due to shortage of space.
Chat Noir is based on the BM25F retrieval model RZT04 including the anchor text list provided by the University of Twente 2 and the PageRank list provided by the Carnegie Mellon University 3 . Our other two runs use our own ClueWeb search engine called Chat Noir French for black cat.
We also notice that video gaming sites such as playstation.com and xbox.com rank among the top 10 web sites in terms of bandwidth and overall  , gaming traffic accounts for 8.9% of web traffic volume. Likewise  , the composition of streaming media mirrors that of the U.S.  , where Netflix accounts for 60% of streaming media.
The direct relation between anchor text and link in-degree  , and thereby the relation between anchor text and the popularity or importance of a page  , helps locate home pages and popular pages described by the search terms. The new ClueWeb collection used at the TREC 2009 Web Track is much larger than the collections used at TREC 8 and 9 and should have many incoming links per page  , resulting in more anchor text and thereby possibly better document representations.
How widely does information spread in the Flickr social network ? 1 We analyzed the data to answer three key questions: 1.
These three applications are representative of the predominant media transaction types streaming and bulk transfer. In order to do this  , we look to the performance of three applications: Youtube  , Netflix  , and Instagram.
Note that the scaling exponents for all models are very close. Table 2 compares the scaling exponent of different degree distributions for both Epinions and Flickr.
In contrast  , in some application scenarios such as MovieLens 9 and Netflix 10   , social network information is not available. We choose the Douban data 8 because it contains not only time/date related and other inferred contextual information  , but also social relationships information  , thus is suitable for evaluating the performance of SoCo  , which utilizes various types of information.
Second  , we repeatedly generated wrappers on randomly selected websites in our set excluding BN and Art  , of course  , and also excluding IMDb which as mentioned had a very different extraction scenario than the others  , and measured how the ranking of the desired tuple sets for BN and Art was impacted by having first trained the system on these other sites. On Art  , while our system performed well on the randomly chosen training web page in Table 7.2  , we were able to find another page on which the desired tuple set would have been ranked only 4th among 29 identified tuple sets.
Four TREC collections  , Gov2  , Robust04  , ClueWeb Category B and Wt10g are used for experiments. The ireval package provided in the toolkit is used for evaluation and significance test.
Experimental results show that BUIR consistently outperforms competitive baselines in predicting item future popularity. We evaluate BUIR extensively on three real-world datasets that represent a spectrum of different media: YouTube videos  , Flickr photos and Last.fm music.
a denotes the number of anchor points for LLORMA and sizes listed are the parameter space size. Table 2: bACCAMS achieves an accuracy for matrix completion on Netflix better than or on-par with the best published results  , while having a parameter space a fraction of the size of other methods.
Through the tags.getRelated API call  , using SRBench category names as query tag input  , a larger set of related tags could be obtained as commonly co-occuring in Flickr. While one could run visual concept detectors for this  , we retained the spirit of using social online knowledge resources  , employing the API of the Flickr image service.
Configuration a results from inlining as many elements as possible in a given table  , roughly corresponding to the strategies presented in 8 . Three possible relational storage mappings for the IMDB schema are shown in Figure 3.
Netflix dataset contains more than 100 million datestamped movie ratings performed by anonymous Netflix users between Dec 31  , 1999 and Dec 31  , 2005. Its ontology constists of 320 ontology classes  , 750 object properties and 893 datatype properties.
In the end  , we constructed 100 information sources for the testbed ClueWeb-Wiki  , with statistics provided in Table 2. We also select only 106 queries which contain at least one relevant Wikipedia document out of the 150 provided queries for training and testing.
We argue that several issues are overlooked in the semantic embedding method 9. With this solution  , they achieve the state-of-the-art results on the ImageNet zero-shot learning task.
Figure 5shows the correlation between task accuracy on the movie scene recognition task and the popularity of the movie based on the overall number of Facebook likes on the IMDB movie page. An interesting observation is the impact of the popularity of a question.
Surprisingly  , link-based methods did not perform as well as we expected. Currently  , neither Facebook nor Flickr allow group memberships to be private and this is a desirable solution to the problem we have discussed.
Chiarandini et al. 28  made a comparison between di↵erent ranking techniques applied to the Flickr BrowseGraph.
An alternative powerful methodology that has been used with positive results in recommender systems is the latent factor model 21  , an approach that emerged from research fueled by the Netflix prize 1 . Once the matrix has been completed that is  , all missing values have been imputed by these neighborhoodbased methods  , a user can be given a recommendation list of ranked items ordered by descending predicted ratings.
The overall aim of the Entity track is to evaluate entity-related searches on Web data. A number of entity homepages i.e.  , ClueWeb docIDs are made available as part of the topic definition  , as examples of known relevant answers.The ELC task then is defined as follows:
We calculate a multinomial distribution of tags in a group as P Tag Diversity Flickr provides users with an easy way for users to manually tag their photos.
community discovery to see the effects of sampling. Digg  , Flickr  , and social phenomena e.g.
In order to collect the state of the social network  , we crawled a significant subset of the Flickr online social network. Here we describe our methodology for collecting both types of information.
ChAlg does not work well with IMDB and Wikipedia because of the richness but also noise of their link structures. All of our competitors exhibit significant shortcomings on at least one of the data sets.
One potential explanation for this phenomenon is that friends tell friends about interesting photos and photographers in Flickr who they have added into their contacts. 2008 identified a proximity bias for Flickr users to link themselves to others nearby in the network.
The Flickr tag analysis is based on the tags defined for a large set of 250 million photos that are publicly available on Flickr. However  , we preserve the tag boundaries as defined by the user  , which leads to the following result:
The empirical results in three datasets have demonstrated the effectiveness of the proposed mixture model with multiple centralized retrieval algorithms. A set of experiments has been conducted with two traditional TREC datasets and a new dataset based on the ClueWeb.
We use this dataset instead of original Flickr images due to the following reasons. All experiments were conducted on the nus-wide dataset 4 containing 269 ,648 Flickr images with visual features  , tags and assigned labels in 81 categories.
User-item ratings are not available in eBay's dataset 1   , nor this kind of ratings are appropriate or calibrated preference measure for such a diverse inventory. The publicized Netflix user-movie rating data  , on the other hand  , has 208.33 ratings on average for each user 3   , i.e.  , more than 30-fold sparser for purchases and 10-fold sparser for bids with the eBay transactional data.
RBM's models for CF are currently restricted to the user-item problem and have not been extended to context. Restricted Boltzmann Machines RBM's 24 have been successfully used in the Netflix prize and could be seen as some form of nonlinear model since the activation functions of the units typically are of nonlinear form sigmoid  , tanh etc.
The objective evaluation was conducted according to the contacts function in Flickr site  , which is organized by users themselves. Similar to the subjective user study  , the objective comparison as shown in Fig.8
This could be due to underlying incentives to rate movies  , since experts are likely to watch and rate movies regardless of whether they like them or not  , while users tend to be biased towards positively rating movies 5. In terms of how the average rating is distributed  , we see that experts show greater variability per movie than per user: while experts tend to behave similarly in terms of their average rating  , their overall opinion Figure 4: Per movie a and user b standard deviation std in Netflix and Rotten Tomatoes on the movies is more varied.
For the query sistine chapel without any geographic restrictions  , Flickr returns nearly 30  , 000 images. As an example  , consider the venue Sistine chapel  , a small chapel in the Apostolic Palace in Vatican City.
Our method can be used to bring valuable but unengaged users into the active core of the community by canalizing other people's attention towards them. As a proofof-concept   , we envision a new Flickr Beauty Explorer page that surfaces the most beautiful yet unpopular photos of the month to complement the classic Flickr Explorer that contains photos with very high social feedback.
 Wikipedia-100col-Kmeans ClueWeb-Wiki: 100 collections were created from the Wikipedia dataset of the ClueWeb 13. This testbed comes with 50 queries TREC topics 201-250 with judgments.
Unfortunately most of the inlinks were in list items  , causing neighborhood words to be only slightly more than the anchortext itself. The WebKB dataset provided a set of data called " neighborhood words " which was the text occurring in the same " paragraph " as the inlink to a given document.
TagNSearch was somewhat better at helping users to identify the easy photographs but when the locations were not well-known  , TagNSearch was significantly better in helping users complete the experimental tasks than Flickr. In Table 1  , TagNSearch performs better than Flickr in both percentage of participants succeeding and the number of queries made for each photograph.
The key concepts are the concepts detected in the keyframes with normalized scores greater than 0.7  , using the Leuven's concept detectors of 1537 ImageNet concepts 17. Keyconcept Lemur TF-IDF denotes the TF-IDF method based on the key concepts of keyframes.
In order to demonstrate these ideas  , a set of experiments were carried out using documents from the Internet Movie Database IMDB corpus 8 along with real user relevance judgments for each document from the MovieLens 4 and Netflix Prize 13 corpora. The interface was configured to return a maximum of 10 matching documents per page  , and a maximum of 5 values for each facet.
Recommendation systems produce a ranked list of items on which a user might be interested  , in the context of her current choice of an item. From the results it is seen that our recommendation is quite in agreement with IMDB recommendation.
A case in point  , query #41 in ClueWeb  , " orange county convention center "   , refers to the primary public convention center for the Central Florida region . One advantage of STLM is that it represents the query and documents using entities which constitute variable length n-grams with semantic meaning.
Several challenges presented themselves as we began to collect data to display on the timeline. Flickr distinguishes between capture and upload dates  , and other services could follow suit.
The corpora vary both by type Ro- bust04 is a newswire collection  , Gov2 is a crawl of the .gov domain  , and ClueWeb-B is a set of pages with the highest crawl priority derived from a large web corpus  , number of documents  , and number of available topics  , thereby providing a diverse experimental setup for assessing the robustness of retrieval with query hypergraphs. Table 4presents a summary of the TREC corpora used in our experiments.
We downloaded the IMDB data  , generated XML files for each movie and actor containing information like plots and production locations for movies  , birth places and vitae for actors  , and a high number of links between documents representing castings etc.  The Wikipedia++ Collection is an extension of the Wikipedia collection with information on movies derived from the Internet Movie Database IMDB.
There has been a large volume of work on document summarization in the last several decades. Although search engines for faceted documents are becoming increasingly prevalent e.g.  , Amazon/eBay/IMDB Search  , there has been little research on summarization of faceted documents.
Furthermore  , the relevance of any pair of tag t and movie t is constantly refined via feedback from users. With the training dataset and other sources of tags such as IMDB  , Movie- Lens predicts the relevances for other pairs based on different machine learning models.
With the advent of location-aware cameraphones and GPSintegrated cameras  , we expect the number of geotagged images and other content on Flickr and other sites to grow rapidly. There are currently over 40 ,000 ,000 public geotagged images on Flickr  , the largest collection of its kind.
Latent factor models have become a dominating branch among CF approaches  , due to their superiority in terms of accuracy and scalability  , as shown in Netflix competi- tion 17. In this sense  , we can regard LFP as a general extension for the original retrieval model  , where when A = 1  , LFP returns to the original retrieval model in 32.
The photostream  , containing 8 distinct collections with a total of 4 ,471 images  , offered institutions a viable approach to sharing their content outside of the limitations associated with participation in the Commons on Flickr 1. The project team worked with five contributors to the IMLS DCC aggregation  , diverse cultural heritage institutions ranging from large academic archives to small public libraries  , to create the IMLS DCC Flickr photostream.
Flickr 3 is an online photo management and sharing application. They include tools that are based on Annotea without extensions such as Annozilla 1 and Amaya 2 .
Table 3gives detailed results comparing different TopX configurations and competitors for varying k for INEX  , IMDB  , and Terabyte. Furthermore  , StructIndex also uses a hash-based cache structure to avoid redundant random accesses.
These assessments contain 60 relevant Wikipedia pages with at least one linked website in the Clueweb collection. To validate that Wikipedia's external links indeed correspond to official home pages  , we use the assessments of the 2009 TREC entity ranking task.
Strong generalization results for the Netflix dataset are shown in Table 6. These results further validate the approximate inference procedure as a useful way to quickly generate recommendations for new users.
In this section we evaluate the aspects computed by our approach for the Flickr Dataset. This shows that the computed aspects are cohesive and well-defined.
It is noteworthy that the search term does return a match in the local Flickr site search. On Google  , using quotes to search for the exact phrase  , the Flickr page is the first result.
Social networking services such as Facebook  , Orkut  , Flickr and LiveJournal   , have millions of users. Social networks have attracted much attention these days.
Using the high level category information leads to improvements mainly in early preci- sion. Additionally  , the links to the Clueweb collection from the 'Infobox' and 'External links' section of Wikipedia may be sparse  , but the precision of the linked Clueweb pages is very high.
Nowadays Web 2.0 platforms like YouTube 6  , Flickr 3 and del.icio.us 2 provide large amounts of resources such as videos  , photographs and social bookmarks. Section 4.
However  , few of the previous works focus on detecting semantic relationships. WebKB 3 extracts instances of classes and relations based on web page contents and their linkage path.
With " movie " objects clustered together and no more than 2.5% of the vertices as hubs  , the query takes 1.52 seconds beyond the Find/Near queries executed by Lore. In our unscaled  IMDB dataset  , IFind M 2000 and Near = 2.
to platforms such as Flickr 1 do not contain GPS-based latitude/longitude coordinates. Copyright 2012 ACM 978-1-4503-1472-5/12/08 ..$15.00.
It can be seen immediately from the first rows of Table 5that users carry out more text searches on CLEF in the Text condition than Flickr or CLEF searches in Intermediary. For all three of these measures  , we split the results from the intermediary interface into two  , recording actions on Flickr separately from CLEF.
At the stage of entity extraction  , special web page  , NER tool and entity list generated by some rules were properly taken into account. By CMU search engine  , we eased the job of getting information from the huge data set ClueWeb.
To convert the annotations to binary judgments  , we treated the documents with average ratings among annotators of less than 2.5 as controversial  , and otherwise non-controversial. We used 303 clueweb documents whose controversy level was annotated with four scales: 1 " " clearly controversial "   , 2 - " possibly controversial "   , 3 - " possibly non-controversial "   , and 4 - " clearly non-controversial " .
Another method is shown in the TagCaptcha image annotation system 13  , where the authors propose to obtain annotations via the widely used Captcha challenge-response tests. This approach was adapted to create the ImageNet database 6  , where the Amazon Mechanical Turk platform was used to manually clean a large set of candidate images.
The visual descriptors provided are the MPEG-7 Edge Histogram and Homogeneous Texture descriptors  , and the ISIS Group color de- scriptors. In addition  , user-supplied Flickr tags  , EXIF metadata and systematic image annotations are available.
Taking Flickr as an example  , when a query image is given  , the system should return both relevant tags and images. in response to a unimodal query.
However  , TLC++ algorithm does not perform as expected on the earn and interest classes of the Reuters dataset and the WebKB dataset. Interestingly  , when we assume an upper bound on feature selection by assuming existence of an oracle  , TLC++ performs better than GE-FL in 18 subsets using the oracle labeled words.
We found that for pairs of non-ClueWeb settings  , excluding AP  , the correlation was at least 0.5; however  , the correlation with AP was much smaller. Finally  , we computed the Pearson correlation of the learned λ l 's values averaged over the train folds and cluster sizes between experimental settings.
We used 303 clueweb documents whose controversy level was annotated with four scales: 1 " " clearly controversial "   , 2 - " possibly controversial "   , 3 - " possibly non-controversial "   , and 4 - " clearly non-controversial " . 3.
2013  performed a similar study in Flickr also considering user behavior. Lipczak et al.
The algorithm is based on Our application  , World Explorer  , considers all geotagged photos on Flickr and generates an aggregate representation that allows navigation  , exploration and understanding of the underlying data and the world.
The MPC ranking of matching candidates based on past popularity would be: nascar  , netflix  , nick.com  , nascar.com  , nextel  , northwest airlines and so forth. According to the AOL data  , the same user started typing n on 2006-05-31 at 08:54:22.
23 used tags to identify users across social tagging systems such as Delicious  , StumbleUpon and Flickr. Iofciu et al.
We collect three photos collections using Flickr API. The statistics of our photos collections are summarized in Table 2.
We will discuss the influence of the various predictors in Subsection 6.3.2. For the Imdb setting  , the precision figures were worse  , one reason being that Genre scores had a major influence on the overall ranking and the small number of different values led to a fairly discontinuous score distribution with big gaps and many ties  , causing some inaccuracy of probabilistic predictions.
Results of our experiments using the language modeling approach are shown in Table 1. The Clueweb collection is larger than previous collections  , and has a higher link density  , so there is more anchor text available for more pages.
Figure 2shows the performance on the RB and SB algorithms. We use our IMDb synthetic data to show that in noiseless situations  , RB outperforms SB.
Compared with citation data sets  , distQC performs only slightly better than string distance metrics because: 1 records and attribute values of an actor and her variant entities have no strong relationships unlike those of citations; Figure 1Bottom shows the ARP of IMDB data set.
We then textually parsed our geo-referenced items which are tags in Flickr  , hashtags and captions in Instagram  , and tweets in Twitter and searched for exact matches with the dictionary words. To verify whether those words matched pictures that actually related to smell  , we manually checked 100 random Flickr pictures and found that 85% of the pictures did so.
Finally  , we computed macro-averaged results for these topic tuples. We randomly chose 50 topic pairs from newsgroups  , from imdb  , and from reuters for every set of k-tuples k = 2  , 3  , 5.
Our data analysis reveals several interesting facts about information propagation in Flickr. We summarize related work in Section 8 and conclude in Section 9.
As we aim to conduct transfer learning from ImageNet to personal photos  , the concepts in the source and target domains should be matched. This ontology embeds the relationships of concepts  , which can be considered as prior probabilities to improve tagging performance.
We investigate what is an appropriate threshold for this delay between posts across sites so that we detect automated posts with low false positives. Note that in this example  , if T2 represents a Flickr image post  , and t3 the automated Tweet for the image post  , then T2 − t3 represents the delay resulting from desynchronized clocks between Flickr and Twitter.
Even though it has 25 ,000 images sampled from Flickr  , only the first 1 ,000 images image number 1 to 1000 were used for the experiments. It is designed for image content analysis and retrieval .
For locations with no Flickr coverage  , it is not possible to predict the location. This makes Flickr ideal for localizing POIs in the places where Flickr has coverage.
We vary the degree of smoothing by using Gaussians with different variance values. To do this  , we apply a Gaussian filter on the Flickr confidence values for each bin in an attempt to achieve better recalls.
Unfortunately  , Flickr does not provide a record of users who viewed an image. Since users in the Random sets have smaller social networks  , they get more exposure by posting images to groups.
For that  , we gather eleven datasets of online media  , recording how content is evaluated via votes  , likes  , or ratings. IMDB movie titles.
A second pre-check line 4 ensures that the remaining set W of non-underflowing keywords itself is underflowing  , since otherwise W itself is maximum or no valid query can be found at all. Note that validity checks lines 2  , 4  , 15  , and 17 are managed by submitting the query to the ClueWeb search engine .
A personal tweet from a day of rioting may become part of a larger exchange that reflects a country's growing political unrest; a vacation photo of a landmark may become a reference image that is used to illustrate dozens of minor publications; a book review  , movie rating  , or crowdsourced biographical information may become metadata for a resource like the Internet Movie Database IMDB. Moreover  , the content has potential archival value as it moves through time and space.
With this solution  , they achieve the state-of-the-art results on the ImageNet zero-shot learning task. Given an unlabeled image  , they use an existing m-way image classification system whose labels have no overlap with target labels to predict a few most relevant labels  , and build the embedding vector of the given image by convex combination of the label embedding vectors.
Thus  , we need to apply iterative numerical methods to find value of α. Iterative methods may take substantial amount of time for very large collection such as Clueweb  , since it needs to iterate over the set of maximum values from each random sample for each distinct term in the collection. Clearly  , Equation 26 shows that α does not have closed form expression.
As different interpretations of single concept IMDB queries already deliver distinct results  , we did not observe any significant reranking by varying λ on this query set. In the IMDB dataset multi-concept queries perform similar with rank correlation of 0.36  , 0.69.
First  , the retrieval system is not ChatNoir but the online Indri search engine for the ClueWeb provided by the Carnegie Mellon University. The webisindqe run applies the same strategies as the webiscnqe run with two exceptions .
Figure 7: The concurrence similarity between two tags is estimated based on their concurrence information by performing search on Flickr. 11.
The datasets. 2 In addition to these browsing methods  , Flickr allows users to browse geotagged images through the recently introduced map interface.
These all plots indicate there are a lot of categorizers on Twitter  , while the user population splits into the categorizers and describers on Flickr and Delicious. For example  , on the middle three figures  , although all the exponents are close to one  , the intercepts are different from each other  , indicating that the average number of tags assigned to one resource is different 1.11 on Twitter  , 2.33 on Flickr  , and 2.96 on Deli- cious.
We are working on an error analysis study to find out the difficulty in distinguishing homepages among the remaining types of academic pages and the distinctions among subject domains for addressing the performance on the WebKB and the E-prints datasets. In comparison our classes are different homepages vs. non-homepages and the size of our feature set is very small.
Yet  , navigational queries are frequent and easily surface as parts of patterns. Further  , as we have seen in the above examples  , navigational queries such as netflix login are common  , but hide the real user need: we learn that the user is trying to log in to a website  , but do not learn what her intent is  , and most likely we can not follow her to the private part of a website.
This type of rating is in practice for networks such as IMDB and Youtube. In this case  , a high positive score signifies more confidence and a low positive score less confidence.
However  , evaluation methodologies have not had a similar evolution  , and most RS evaluation still uses traditional information retrieval measures and methods  , even though these might not always reflect the actual quality of the recommendation 6. Since then  , great advances have been made in the field of RS in terms of algorithmic development 3   , much of it thanks to challenges such as the Netflix Prize 1   , and yearly versions of the KDD Cup 2 .
As long as a sparse set of user ratings and timespent on videos can be collected  , one can use the methods for content type normalization and user normalization discussed in this work to infer user satisfaction and churn rate. For entertainment platforms like Youtube and Netflix that host videos of varying length and types TV shows  , movies etc  , inferring whether a user processed/liked the video simply based on timespent would be advantageous.
Table 3describes the number of target entities the system generated per query in each of the runs. Since Clueweb is a subset of actual web  , SEAL could not answer 2 queries which were answered using Google API.
On the UM page  , there is no significant difference between the main and left sections  , which have the most fixations  , but these tions have a significantly higher fixation count than the bottom and header sections of the page  , which have a significantly higher count than the footer. On the IMDb page  , the main content receives significantly more fixations than the header  , left and right columns  , which receive significantly more than the footer.
However  , the length of relevant and the length non-relevant documents of WT10G differ most among the four test col- lections. The length of relevant and the length of non-relevant documents are very close to each other on the ClueWeb B.
Figure 2: Sample IMDB Document well without taking the application i.e.  , a query workload and data statistics into account. The key point is that one cannot decide which of these configurations will perform  Integer   , video_sales Integer  type TV = seasons Integer   , description String   , Episode* type Episode = episode name String   , guest_director String  ..
Experimental study on MovieLens and Netflix datasets demonstrates that the proposed method can outperform state-of-the-art matrix approximation based CF methods on recommendation accuracy and scalability. The ensemble strategy improves the overall recommendation accuracy by combining multiple sets of co-clustering results based on the userspecific and item-specific rating distributions.
In addition  , all of the networks are quite sparse— their densities range from an average degree of about 2.5 for the blog post network  , up to an average degree of about 400 in a network of movie ratings from Netflix 23—and most of the other networks  , including the purely social networks   , have average degree around 10 median degree of 6. The sizes of the networks we have studied range from about 5  , 000 nodes up to nearly 14 million nodes  , and from about 6  , 000 edges up to more than 100 million edges 23.
The Funk SVD approximates the full users × movies rating matrix using a matrix of lower dimension  , and uses regularization to manage the sparsity of the ratings matrix. In order to predict for a particular movie m  , the movie model sums the similarities between m and the movies in the user's basket that are most similar to m. Funk-svd: We include Simon Funk's Singular Value Decomposition algorithm due to its strong performance in the Netflix com- petition 8.
quest to the site and match the first 250 results with the urls in the Clueweb collection to create a ranking. Significance of increase or decrease over " None " according to t-test  , one-tailed  , at significance levels 0.05    , 0.01     , and 0.001  .
We observed a slight improvement by diversification for k=2…11 in the IMDB dataset  , whereas in Lyrics WS-recall at corresponding k values slightly decreased. As Figures 3a  , 3b show  , on average  , ranking and diversification perform similar with respect to recall.
However  , unlike the traditional recommendation systems such as Netflix  , Amazon  , large amounts of social information is implicit data which can be generated by user's behaviors such as following  , like  , retweeting  , etc. The process of information diffusion consists of user's retweeting behavior which has been considered as a key mechanism of information diffusion in Twitter 6 .
Our study shows that Bidirectional Search outperforms Backward Expanding Search by a large margin across a variety of scenarios. Our prototype  , tested on DBLP 1   , IMDB 2   , and a subset of US Patents 3   , shows that Bidirectional search can execute at interactive speeds over large graphs with over 20 million nodes and edges  , on an ordinary desktop PC.
Also  , there are several photo annotation systems  , including online tools such as Flickr 6 and Fototagger 7 . There has been work done to provide annotation support for image digital libraries such as 15  , 16.
Since ListCF is also a memory-based CF algorithm  , a direct comparison of them will provide valuable and irreplaceable insights. In the memory-based CF algorithms  , the number of neighborhood users was set to be 100 in Movielens-1M and EachMovie  , and 300 in Netflix.
In this section  , we present an overview of the Flickr social network. After presenting structural properties  , we describe various popularity metrics that could be used for pictures in Flickr  , and discuss why we chose to focus on the number of fans.
Examples of such systems are Amazon.com for products  , and Netflix 1 for movies. CF techniques recommend an item to a user by considering data gathered from other users 7.
The information from these two resources is connected by considering what IMDb movies have plot descriptions with soundtrack listings  , and what soundtrack songs have social tag descriptions on last.fm. The public API of last.fm reveals this information  , as well as associated information including popularity data.
The research presented here is part of the faceted search experience of the Yahoo! Key to enriching the search experience is the wide-scale availability of user-generated content and other knowledge bases such as Wikipedia  , the Internet Movie Database IMDB  , GeoPlanet TM   , or Freebase to name a few.
The WebKB collection contains academic webpages from Computer Science departments of four universities: Cornell  , Washington   , Texas and Wisconsin  , categorized into 7 categories student   , faculty  , staff  , department  , course  , project  , and other. The WebKB dataset was previously used by several researchers for studying webpage and text classification including semisupervised learning and co-training 4  , 27  , 31  , 33 .
Each track has provided 50 queries based on which we build the new testbed. Three Web tracks of TREC from 2009 to 2011 have been using the ClueWeb so far.
They build a topic network based on Flickr tags  , and propose an interactive interface that allows the user to express a query by selecting images. 2009 describe JustClick  , which recommends images via interactive exploratory search.
On IMDB  , on the other hand  , BenP robe was superior because of the different structural characteristics of the data. The M inP robe scheduling outperforms BenP robe on INEX  , in terms of saving random accesses.
Funk-SVD employs Singular Value Decomposition technique to approximate the original user-item matrix using a low rank matrix and shows strong performance in the Netflix competition 12. We choose user-based CF algorithm in that unlike traditional datasets for CF  , our datasets have much more " items " than users.
We modeled folksonomically expressed associations as obtained from the IMDb and last.fm as search indices in an information retrieval scenario and considered various search index setups. In our proposed approach  , we start from an unrestricted free-text narrative query expressing the desired context.
Second  , we investigate the effect of removing the most frequent words between Yelp and Twitter  , and Flickr and Twitter. First  , we investigate the effects of punctuation and case-sensitivity of words.
The considered TV programs identified by unique IDs have been automatically extracted from the Internet Movie DataBase IMDB and the BBC web server 1   , and are represented as specific instances belonging to a hierarchy of genres organized in several levels e.g. 1.
Ranking algorithms order a set of objects  , Flickr photos in our case  , according to their relevance values. We compared the order of the automatically generated rankings using Kendall's Tau-b 17:
This resulted in a statistically significant performance decrease with respect to at least one of the three evaluation metrics of concern MAP  , p@5 and NDCG@5 for all top-10 feature functions for the ClueWeb settings. ClustMRF was trained each time without one of its top-10 feature functions .
For a video segment  , its key concept based representation is the concatenation of key concepts detected in all the keyframes of this segment. The key concepts are the concepts detected in the keyframes with normalized scores greater than 0.7  , using the Leuven's concept detectors of 1537 ImageNet concepts 17.
The index was designed to follow the Flickr data and map interface characteristics. We were left with 4.5 million photographs and 28 million tags.
The WebKB dataset contains categorized University webpages and we use data from Cornell University for testing. The Reuters dataset contains news articles and we use the 10 most popular categories from the Reuters dataset 3.
We have randomly partitioned IMDB data set 1.4 million tuples  , 1.2GB to 5 tables of different sizes between 200MB and 400MB. The average query processing time for the query load is 2.4 seconds.
To capture the dynamics of information propagation  , we crawled the social network for 104 consecutive days. We crawled the social network to gather information from 2.5 million Flickr users and 33 million links between them.
into a fourattribute relational table with the schema MoviesTitle  , Genre  , Actors  , Description  where Title and Description are text attributes and Genre and Actors are setvalued categorical attributes. We imported movie information from the Internet Movie Database IMDB 2 for more than 375 ,000 movies and more than 1 ,200 ,000 persons actors  , directors  , etc.
In contrast  , an image of an important real world event e.g.  , the British Royal Wedding may get a high number of views  , not by belonging to groups  , but instead because it is linked to by multiple external i.e.  , outside of the Flickr domain media outlets  , and get comparatively few favorite marks. The image has a large number of favorites because people within the Flickr community  , and in particular  , in the specific cult  , view and favorite the image.
This type of failure causes 63% of download failures for Youtube  , 60% of download failures for Netflix  , and 58% of download failures for Instagram videos. In exploring failures associated with video downloads  , we find that the predominant cause of failure for all applications is a TCP RST sent by the client.
For dataset from Flickr  , we only kept one record for each user because many users batch upload multiple photos with same tags. Pre-processing operations were performed to clean up the datasets.
We are aware of a recent dataset that has been proposed for federated search in web search environment 24 . It is noticed that Clueweb has also been used in distributed environment  , albeit in a different problem setting 21.
Users of websites like MySpace   , Flickr  , and Facebook create networks of friends. Online social networking has recently become a popular way to share and disseminate information.
Experiments were conducted on an IMDB dataset to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed approach by comparing the prediction accuracy of ARSA using S-PLSA + and that of the original ARSA. The accuracy stays stable from Epoch 2 through Epoch 4  , indicating that no significant new information is available from Epoch 2 to Epoch 4.
Our experiments  , based on a sizeable document collection ClueWeb'12 confirm the competitive performance of the proposed model in comparison with a number of state-ofthe-art baselines. As an additional advantage  , copulas have been previously shown 9 to be beneficial for qualitative manual inspection of results.
Today  , there is significant user participation on rich media social networking websites such as YouTube and Flickr. Note the theme of the conversation is latent and depends on the content of the conversation.
In this section  , we presented data analysis of 34 million favorite markings of 11 million pictures in the Flickr social network. These observations demonstrate that information does not propagate widely in the Flickr social network.
The Flickr geo-referenced pictures set contains around 30 millions items  , whereas Panoramio only includes 5 millions images. We exploit Wikipedia and Panoramio  , while the other database is constructed using Flickr data.
Note that indeed  , U i changes for every movie i  , as the actual available ratings differ from one movie to another in the Netflix dataset. The pool of available users: we consider the set Ri as the pool of available users to rate movie i  , i.e.  , we set Ui = Ri.
Other methods of identifying movies could use  , e.g.  , a few selected authoritative sources such as the IMDb 17 page or the Wikipedia article of the movie and reuse their URIs. She can specify the exact title of the movie or search for movies by entering the actors  , the director etc.
Tags provide a simple scheme that helps people organize and manage their data. Blog hosting tools  , search services and Web 2.0 sites such as Flickr and del.icio.us have popularized the use of tags.
Therefore  , we train our models on the training set and report the performance on the test set. For Netflix data set  , we follow the popular evaluation protocol on this data set.
This study shows that the proposed WE- MAREC method outperforms all the other six matrix approximation based CF methods on both the datasets. Table 3imation based CF methods on the MovieLens 10M and Netflix datasets.
Social networks  , such as Flickr and Twitter  , make it easy to quickly Copyright is held by the International World Wide Web Conference Committee IW3C2. The Web continues to grow with new information.
As this kind of value grows and is recognized  , a service's content may be acquired by a public institution such as the Library of Congress  , a non-profit such as the Internet Archive  , or a for-profit corporation that perceives the value of the service's content for example  , consider Yahoo's acquisition of Flickr  , the photo-sharing service. A personal tweet from a day of rioting may become part of a larger exchange that reflects a country's growing political unrest; a vacation photo of a landmark may become a reference image that is used to illustrate dozens of minor publications; a book review  , movie rating  , or crowdsourced biographical information may become metadata for a resource like the Internet Movie Database IMDB.
In general  , in the absence of any information about the user  , the ranking of QAC candidates in Figure 1 look reasonable – although models based on temporal query frequency trends Shokouhi and Radinsky  , 2012  may boost the position of instagram. 2 The depicted trends suggest similar likelihoods for both imdb and instagram  , although the popularity of the latter is rising.
It is worth pointing out that by the standards of many real world applications even the Netflix dataset is tiny. For 20 iterations of EP on the seed users and K = 50 we achieve an RMSE of 0.910 on the probe set.
There are 6750 persons and 9851 attributes. For IMDB 2   , we take all the actors/actresses who have performed in more than 10 movies since 2005 and consider movie locations as their attributes.
The reason for the slightly better RMSE score achieved by the two systems on the Netflix dataset are twofold. a The tems and is only outperformed by two systems Belkor and Ensemble  , both of which achieve the same score of 0.8567  , a small  , insignificant fraction 0.8571 -0.8567 = 0.0004 better than MudRecS.
Due to the huge size of the Netflix data  , we selected users from Netflix who had rated no more than 50 items to form an extremely sparse dataset containing about 100 ,000 users. We conducted experiments to compare their runtime of the similarity calculation phase and ranking prediction phase on the datasets.
On the other hand  , our methods SRA and HPA greatly outperform existing approaches and HPA even achieves 100% precision for Netflix data. When K is large enough  , we will see that their performance in top- K discovery slowly recovers in a subsequent experiment.
We can see from the results that recommendation accuracies increase when the rank r increases from 5 to 20 in Fig- ure 4. Figure 4and 5 analyze the effects of Bregman co-clustering by changing the rank r and the numbers of row and column clusters k and l on MovieLens 10M and Netflix dataset.
Username is clearly a powerful feature to match Flickr and Twitter accounts today. If we combine usernames with the other three features  , we obtain even better results TPR increases to 88%.
The Lyrics dataset contains five tables  , such as artists  , albums and songs  , with around 400 ,000 records. The IMDB dataset contains seven tables  , such as movies  , actors and directors  , with more than 10 ,000 ,000 records.
The IMDB collection consists of data from the Internet Movie Database http://www.imdb.com. The expansion resulted in queries with  , on average  , twice as many terms  , with the longest query containing 18 terms.
Third  , we compute a set of controls to include in our analysis  , in order to test possible factors that can increase or diminish the QWERTY effect. The way we calculate V depends on the community  , for example for IMDB movies we compute the average star rating as shown in the example of Figure 1A  , while for videos we take the ratio of likes over the sum of likes and dislikes.
Since INEX and IMDB are still not exactly very large dataset in terms of documents  , we included experiments on the TREC Terabyte corpus as a stress test  , even if this is not XML. We asked colleagues to create 20 meaningful queries with structural and keyword conditions; examples are queries of the kind //movieabout.//cast//casting//role  , Sheriff//casting//actorabout.//name  , Henry Fonda  , thus looking for movies with Henry Fonda and an arbitrary actor in the role of a sheriff.
By visually matching the online photos which are associated with the nearby POIs  , a ranking of these POIs can be obtained. Flickr and Panaramio.
Differently from conventional aesthetics datasets Datta et al. To train our framework  , we collect for the first time a large ground truth of aesthetic scores assigned to Flickr images by non-expert subjects via crowdsourcing.
Indiana's training data consisted of TREC 2006's opinion finding relevance data supplemented by the external IMDB movie review data  , both of which were used to tune their opinion scoring and fusion module in an interactive system optimisation mechanism called the Dynamic Tuning Interface. 'I believe' that qualify opinion sentences  , Wilson's lexicon module  , which makes use of Wilson's subjective lexicons  , and opinion acronym module  , which utilises the small set of opinion acronyms e.g.  , 'imho' that are likely to be missed by preceding modules.
21 is a prior work to discover the names of events and landmarks using geo-tagged and textual data of photos from Flickr. Rattenbury et al.
When classifying messages we check if they contain any of these terms. tv terms and network terms are short manually compiled lists of keywords  , such as watching  , episode  , hdtv  , netflix  , and cnn  , bbc  , pbs.
Results on a synthetic and the Netflix dataset illustrate the efficacy of their method. The final ranking is obtained as a rank-2 skew symmetric completion and approximation of the composite matrix.To this end they utilize a singular value projection based algorithm.
To assess how failure impacts user interaction with streaming video applications  , we study the distributions of flow size and flow duration for successful and unsuccessful Netflix and Youtube downloads using Tstat 1. For streaming video applications  , such as Youtube and Netflix  , this type of loss rate would negatively impact the user quality of experience and termination of download mid-stream triggering a client-sent RST is consistent with our findings of cause of failure.
Their evaluation is based on a set of geotagged Flickr photographs. The intuition behind their methods is that event-and place-tags " burst " in a specific segments of time or regions in space  , respectively.
 Analytic tags describe specific parts or aspects of a movie. We used genres from IMDB www.imdb.org  , which is popular in both China and the U.S.
To visualize the improvement brought the proposed lengthbased BM25L model  , we plot the results in Figures 4 and 5 for the comparison to BM25 with b = 0 and with b optimized   , respectively. As a consequence  , BM25L leads to extremely high retrieval performance on ClueWeb B.
It also appears true that networks can quickly become dense. 2009 found that much of the interaction on Flickr is localized and that users find the great majority 81-91% of their contacts within two network hops.
The WebKB dataset comprises of the WWW-pages collected from computer science departments of various universities in January 1997 by the World Wide Knowledge Base Web->Kb project of the CMU text learning group. The other two datasets are Web-related: the WebKB data collection and the Newsgroup data collection.
We therefore define a secondary measure which measures the average CTR per- user: That was the case in many prominent competitions such as the Netflix Prize 1 and KDD Cup'11 6.
We also evaluate the performance of LS on the IMDB movie dataset. This produces an advantage for LS since its performance is independent of the dataset distribution.
Campus 13K + Flickr 13K Our S+V approach requires the FOV information to compute the probabilities of POIs. Table 1lists the details.
The score indicates the percentage of all documents in ClueWeb that are presumably " spammier " than the document at hand. Specifically  , documents assigned by Waterloo's spam classifier 5 with a score below 70 were filtered out from the initial corpus.
Table 1shows the operations implemented   by Flickr and Delicious. However  , this list of operations serves as a reference for popular methods on folksonomy data.
It contains a large number of IDREF edges resulting in a highly irregular and cyclic path structure. IMDB: This is a real-life  , graph-structured data set from the Internet Movie Database www.imdb.com.
Tweets  , Flickr images and Wikipedia articles. Annotating Event Images: Photographs taken at social and world events present an interesting challenge for annotation models as there exists much evidence from many disparate sources i.e.
lowercase all terms and use the Porter stemming algorithm to normalize the remaining terms. 4 Although polysemy and synonymy do exist on Flickr  , we ignore them for reasons of simplicity in this paper.
Since the computation of a tag cloud requires to know the number of identical tags  , F5 returns a multi-set. Table 1shows the operations implemented   by Flickr and Delicious.
This result indicates that Twitter users tag one resource just once in most cases  , while Flickr and Delicious users are more likely to tag the same resources multiple times. A lot of user-resource pairs on Twitter 90% have only one edge between them x = 1  , while those on Flickr and Delicious are less 10%  , which is also shown by the plateaus on Flickr and Delicious.
The average classification accuracies for the WebKB data set are shown in Table 3. Though our method of link-content matrix factorization perform slightly better than other methods  , our method of linkcontent supervised matrix factorization outperform significantly.
ZoneTag 23 is a mobile application for images which allows them to be uploaded to Flickr  , at which point tags suggestions are provided. Al-Khalifa 1 combined folksonomies and domain ontologies to automatically annotate educational documents.
We performed this experimental analysis on three collections  , namely  , WebKB  , 20Newsgroup  , and RCV1. We varied the number of features N f in each set of experiments  , for which the top N f most frequent terms were kept for document representation.
The memory space for SimFusion+ was also efficient and scaled well with the size of WEBKB. In Figure 8  , the results indicate that SimFusion+ took about 10x less time than SF and PR  , and 6x less time than CSF and SR on average.
Figure 5reports the precision results with various K values on Foursquare and Netflix data. In this experiment  , we sort all items according tõ q1DE output and K items with highest noisy counts are evaluated against the ground truth discovered from the raw data set.
For example  , Flickr considers tags to be private if the tagged photos are private. The privacy controls being part of most folksonomy systems are coarse at best.
After filtering  , we obtained 2 ,975 users and took them as the query users. We first filtered out the users who have no contacts in Flickr site or in our user set.
The heuristics works for the queries netflix or netflix.com  , but the query netflix login does not match the URL of the top result movies.netflix.com/WiHome  , i.e. This produces both false positives and false negatives.
Web pages in Del.icio.us  , research papers in CiteULike and photos in Flickr with tags easily. In these tagging services  , the users can organize   , share and retrieve online resources e.g.
For comparison  , we applied our method for both classification and naming to full-texts for the categories of courses and faculty from the WebKB dataset. Our work is consistent with these results  , showing significant improvement in classification accuracy when using the extended anchortext instead of the document fulltext .
We exploit this behavior to correlate accounts based on the timestamps of such automated posts. For example  , when Instagram uploads to Flickr  , it can automatically tweet a pointer to the photo.
All these improvements are statistically highly significant . And in terms of the AR@5  , CCF models outperform CF competitors by up to 13.5% on Social  , and 30% on Netflix-5 star data.
Dubinko 10 proposed and solved the problem of visualizing the evolution of tags within Flickr online image sharing service. There are a few studies on visualizing and browsing the social annotations.
Performing similarity search over such large-scale datasets is very time-consuming. Collaborative filtering engines from sites such as Amazon or NetFlix have to deal with tens of millions of users' data.
The dataset we use for our experiments is MIRFlickr 25000 8 which is constructed by images and tags downloaded from Flickr. The visual distance between image ai and aj is defined as sai  , aj
All existing facets are ranked using the latest query logs from image search and the Flickr data. Facet ranking is performed periodically.
Otterbacher 20 inferred the author gender of IMDB reviews based on stylistic and content features. 29 showed that the users demographics can be predicted according to their mobile usage behaviour  , such as the number of text messages sent or received.
The second field maintains the textual information taken from title  , and tags of the original Flickr image. The first field contains the unique identifier of the Flickr image.
A message is linked only to its children and its parent  , and there are no relationships between two different threads  , or among messages belonging to different threads. Compared to common datasets used in the relational learning literature  , such as IMBd  , WebKB or Cora 13  , our dataset has a much smaller amount of linkage.
Note that there are other approaches to populate a database of expert ratings  , ranging from a manuallymaintained database of dedicated experts to the result of crawling and inferring quantitative ratings from online reviews . In our work  , we have crawled the Rotten Tomatoes 2 web site – which aggregates the opinions of movie critics from various media sources  , to obtain expert ratings of the movies in the Netflix data set.
All these feature values can be obtained from the IMDB database. The features along with their type  , domain and distance measures are shown in Table 1.
We used the data set containing collections and their constituent sets or collections created by a subset of Flickr users 3. Third  , it allows similar concepts to appear multiple times within the same hierarchy.
We analyze all ground truth users for which the location profile of their account in Flickr and Twitter had no zip code in common i.e.  , they had similarity score equal to zero when using zip codes. Furthermore  , the soft cluster assignment finds similarities in cases when a user posts from two close by zip codes in her Flickr and her Twitter account.
Extensive experiments were conducted on the IMDB dataset to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed approach. We use the mean absolute percentage error MAPE to measure the prediction accuracy:
Some examples of such data include organizational and personal web pages e.g  , the WebKB benchmark data set  , which contains university web pages  , research papers e.g.  , data in CiteSeer  , online news articles  , and customer-generated media e.g.  , blogs. With the advance of the World Wide Web  , more and more hypertext documents become available on the Web.
This data-set contains 5000 subjective sentences  , taken from RottenTomatoes 1 snippets   , and 5000 objective sentences  , taken from IMDb 2 plots. For the subjectivity detection  , a data-set of subjective and objective sentences is used to train the classifiers 3 .
There are currently over 40 ,000 ,000 public geotagged images on Flickr  , the largest collection of its kind. Our approach in this paper utilizes the set of geo-referenced  " geotagged "  images on Flickr: images whose exact location was automatically captured by the camera or a locationaware device e.g.  , 1 or  , alternatively  , specified by the user the Flickr website supports this functionality  , as do other tools – see 23 for a survey of methods for geo-referencing images.
We match the urls of the existing external links on the Wikipedia pages with the urls in the Clueweb collection. pages with the same normalized url.
During indexing and retrieval  , both documents and query words are stemmed using the Krovetz stemmer 21. The corpora include both newswire Robust04 and web pages ClueWeb.
Furthermore   , while no significance can be calculated for the improvements on TREC 678 due to the number of topics  , improvements over PRP and PT obtained on ClueWeb are statistically significant. Web pages.
CineMatch  , Netflix's recommender  , achieves an RMSE score of 0.9514 on the Netflix dataset  , which is outperformed by MudRecS. In considering a 95% confidence interval  , MudRecS significantly outperforms 17 recommendation systems and is not significantly outperformed by any of the twenty systems.
Recently  , concepts from RP have been adopted in a number of front-end Javascript libraries like AngularJS.js  , Razor.js  , React  , Web frameworks like Scala Lift  , and by Microsoft's Reactive Extensions Rx  , popularized by the Netflix success story. Since then  , researchers proposed several RP implementations such as FrTime 7 Scheme  , Flapjax 33 Javascript  , Scala.react 27 Scala and DREAM 29 Java – just to mention a few.
Due to the scale of our data set  , we implemented a randomized matrix factorization detailed in 25. Matrix factorization has been shown to be a great success for Netflix-prize competition 12.
2010  on the interplay of the social and semantic components of social media on Flickr and Last.fm. Schifanella et al.
Similarly  , interest can originate externally i.e.  , many photos in Flickr are linked from outside of Flickr and thus be important independently of their aesthetic qualities e.g.  , photos of important events. In particular  , when images are embedded in dynamic social environments  , the interest people have in particular photos can be determined or influenced  more by the social dynamics of a community e.g.  , a group in Flickr than by the inherent quality of the photos themselves.
For each photo collection  , we fetch all geo-tagged photos using the city name as the search key by the Flickr API. 5 .
The top 100 documents were diversified using the methods under test. The Clueweb Online Services 3 were used to retrieve the top 100 documents for each query  , using the same ranking functions and version of Indri described in Section 3.
Users can easily navigate photographs in the thumbnail list using the Previous and Next buttons of the list. If the user clicks on this image  , its corresponding page on Flickr will be opened.
We use the Clueweb category B  , consisting of 50 million English web pages as our test collection to find the external web pages. Our task is to find links from Wikipedia pages to external web pages.
Experimental results on three benchmark recommendation data sets  , the MovieLens data set  , the EachMovie data set and the Netflix data set  , demonstrate that the proposed fMF algorithm significantly outperforms existing methods in cold-start recommendation. As a result  , the prediction of ratings can be enhanced by making use of the ratings of different items.
22 specifically examined the problem of extracting place and event semantics for tags that are assigned to photographs on Flickr. Rattenbury et al.
We discuss the results both in the context of transcoding  , and in terms of the more general implications they may have for Web design. Are the objects fixated differently on the Google page than the UM or IMDb pages because of familiarity  , or because of a difference in page complexity ?
3 We validate the theoretical results with an empirical study  , by simulating the setting of the problem using the Netflix dataset and comparing the effectiveness of our algorithms to that of several baselines. 2 We devise two novel optimal design based algorithms for the problem  , each attains approximation to the optimum under certain assumptions.
In fitting our model  , we set the maximum number of clusters to 50  , which given the number of movies/beers being rated leaves a still fairly coarse clustering. We analyze the clusters produced from the Netflix-48k dataset.
These projects applied ad-hoc approaches to determine " important " tags within a given region of time 9 or space 14  based on inter-tag frequencies. More directly related to this paper are research efforts that analyzed Flickr tags and other term associated with Flickr photos together with photo location and time metadata 9  , 14.
The proposed algorithm is compared with pure content based method considering equal weights for all features and IMDB recommendations. This demonstrates the effectiveness of feature weighting.
This is precisely the reason we use point estimates with a somewhat empirical transformation of central tendencies for these models. Thus  , we need to apply iterative numerical methods to find value of α. Iterative methods may take substantial amount of time for very large collection such as Clueweb  , since it needs to iterate over the set of maximum values from each random sample for each distinct term in the collection.
The scope of research on Flickr is rather broad and includes analyses of the Flickr browsing patterns  , development of new interfaces  , image recommendations and many others. Flickr has been used extensively in research  , in large part because it provides a public API that has allowed researchers to easily obtain large data-sets.
We then plot the distributions of the truncated data. On Clueweb collections  , our analysis suggests that normalized tf values between 70-80 seem to be a reasonable cut-off point and thus  , in our experiments we set it to 75 empirically but that value may depend on the nature of the collection.
In particular   , we presented the results of an analysis of a large sample of Flickr navigation logs to gain insights into how users navigate between photostreams. In this paper  , we worked with photostreams as content units for analyzing user browsing behavior in Flickr.
This intermediary interface is shown in Figure 4a. The final design split the user's screen in two  , results from Flickr being displayed on top  , and CLEF results below.
We see that the dependency of the solution variables to the parameter λ is similar as in the case of Steiner cost  , however the range of values is smaller than the corresponding values in the Steiner case  , and the curves are less smooth  , especially on the Bibsonomy dataset. Our results for the diameter coordination cost on our two datasets Figure 3  show the trade-off of diameter vs. maximum load for the IMDB dataset.
1 The dataset is a Paris photos collection having 216 ,092 geo-tagged photos in total. In this section  , we demonstrate the parametric issues using a real dataset collected by Flickr API.
The work of Hollenstein and Purves 9 seeks to identify vernacular regions in Flickr 7 data. They do not create an independent ground truth.
To enhance the effectiveness of CF recommender  , we propose to integrate the objective function with additional regularization . The Netflix Prize announced the success of these improvements.
From a dataset of tagged photos 5 we removed infrequent tags and users associated with only few tags. Similar to Wikipedia categories  , Flickr user groups are also overlapping.
As a result  , we have ascertained the reliability of such sites for studying walkability. One contribution of this work to existing theory is the study of walkability dimensions as manifested in Flickr and Foursquare.
3 This category's words refer to public transportation facilities  , and might well be a Flickr-specific artifact: London subway stations have long been of photographic interest and  , as a result  , might be overrepresented on Flickr. More importantly  , the whole correlation matrix suggests that the vast majority of category pairs show no correlation  , and that is good news because it implies that our categories are orthogonal and  , as such  , the clustering algorithms have done a good job.
The tagger recognizes 4 entity types: person  , organization  , location  , and miscellaneous. On Clueweb Category B we use the Stanford named entity tagger to recognize entities Finkel et al.  , 2005.
Due to the features space exploited for each data set as well as the nature of both content-based classifiers  , NB classifier outperforms SVM on the IMDB and DBLP data sets  , while SVM shows better performance than NB on the Wikipedia set. The results are shown in Table 2.
In this subsection we describe a way to decompose these matrices so that computation can be done in an affordable way. However  , in a realworld truth discovery problem there are often millions of facts e.g.  , those provided by Wikipedia or IMDB  , and thus there are often millions times millions edges in the graph  , which makes it impossible to materialize and store the matrices and .
The Clueweb dataset 1 is a large collection of web pages that has been used in several official tasks in the Text REtrieval Conference TREC tracks. This approach is denoted as LR-DivS  , as it applies logistic regression within the diversification approach based on source-level estimation.
The users of Flickr can subscribe to interest groups and add other users as friends.  Flickr is extracted from the popular photo-sharing website www.flickr.com.
In the first experiment set we used a Giant Strongly- Connected Component of the WebKB hyper-link graph 8. Having calculated PageRank for all the pages in the graph we choose centroid pages as pages with largest PageRank excluding pages which have more than 30% of neighbours with other centroids.
Top rated images tend to belong to a small set of owners and convey a lower semantic variety than the pictures from centrality-based rankings. Rankings based on explicit feedback  , namely Favorites  , boost pictures that are well spread across Flickr groups and that receive attention from active Flickr users  , but that may not have great impact outside of Flickr.
Similarly to MovieLens  , we withheld a subset of 1000 randomly chosen users during main model optimization  , and then added these users to the model via block update and approximate inference procedures. Strong generalization results for the Netflix dataset are shown in Table 6.
Following the experiment setting of 3  , we pick the 5-star ratings for Netflix and 80 or higher ratings for Yahoo! Details of these three datasets are shown in Table 1.
For instance  , when we executed the self-join algorithm on the the 4MB edgelist for the IMDB database described in Section 2 for K = 8  , the edge-list grew to about one gigabyte-250 times larger than the initial input! The size of such a cross-product could be as large as IVj2 in the worst-case.
Figure 2 shows the influence of the number of selected features on clustering effectiveness with the WebKB data. We performed this experimental analysis on three collections  , namely  , WebKB  , 20Newsgroup  , and RCV1.
Some of these collections  , including the WebKB 4 universities data  , the 20 Newsgroups collection   , and the RCV1 Reuters corpus  , had been widely used for text clustering and classification research. Several benchmark collections were used in the study to evaluate the effectiveness of proposed term weighting methods for text clustering.
Without reliable measures of night activity on Flickr  , of the presence of specific Foursquare places  , and of the presence of Flickr photo tags  , we cannot test our hypotheses. However  , before doing so  , we need to ascertain whether those activity features are reliable .
We download from Flickr 151 ,193 City Hall Hotel *** Mosque *** Figure 3: Noisy dataset downloaded from Flickr. Therefore  , we test the framework for urban area only.
The Library of Congress is acquiring the rights to the public Flickr photo collection as an important historical artifact; this would potentially give people the ability to view and reuse photos from the collection 'forever'. Scenario 4.
During the Netflix Prize  , two trends emerged in recommender systems re- search 3. 's item-based algorithm transposed this model: predict users' ratings for an item based on their ratings for similar items.
Finally  , we introduced a new pilot task  , REF-LOD  , to explore the differences between ranking web data and ranking semantic web data  , possibly enabling deeper investigations into connecting Semantic Web data with the 'real' web. The main change regarding the LOD task is the use of the Sindice-2011 corpus  , an improved and larger Semantic Web crawl  , replacing the BTC-2009 collection used in 2010: 1 the target corpus is a larger and more representative LOD crawl; 2 examples are not mapped manually to LOD  , but given as ClueWeb document identifiers.
Indexing Module: Building indexes offline in order to expedite online retrieval is critical to any large scale database. Authoritative image Websites  , such as PBase and Flickr  , are used as seed URLs.
We index all ClueWeb 12 Category A documents with Indri 2 and merge them with entity link annotations from the FACC1 dataset. 1 We use entity links provided in the FACC1 dataset 3 for the ClueWeb12 corpus Category A and B.
As an initial implementation of our approach  , we apply a pipeline of multiple heuristics that together extract reliable granular evidence of individual tourists' trips to a destination from Flickr photos. 2.
Among various MF models proposed  , SVD++ 12 is probably one of the most successful models. Music 11 and Last.fm 24  , movie rating prediction for Netflix 12  , 13 and Douban 17  , 24   , and personalized tweet rec- ommendation 2.
We choose the most popular 5 communities as the categories of the vertices for multi-label classifi- cation. Let us first take a look at the results on the Flickr network.
We queried it and the 100 top ranked web pages were then extracted from the Warc files  , cleaned of HTML and parsed in sentences too. For the obligatory run using the ClueWeb09 collection we indexed the ClueWeb collection with Indri 2 and used the embedded stoplist along with the standard Krovetz stemmer.
This database  , whose XML Schema is shown in Figure 1   , contains a collection of shows  , movie directors and actors. We motivate the need for finding appropriate storage mappings with an XML application scenario inspired from the Internet Movie Database IMDB 6.
For the ClueWeb tracks  , the integration often posts statistically significant improvements. For the ROBUST-based tracks  , the integration of Wikipedia-based and corpus-based predictors can be of merit  , although the improvements are rarely statistically significant.
We download images from Flickr using the query of " Raleigh " and apply the RankCompete algorithm to these images. We first use an example to show how our RankCompete algorithm produces a structured view of the search results.
The Flickr search interface exploits the explicit and implicit ratings in the meta data to infer rankings. Flickr photos are accompanied by a variety of meta data such as tags  , number of views  , user comments  , upload date  , etc.
Tags of all 1 ,000 Flickr images were manually translated. Even though it has 25 ,000 images sampled from Flickr  , only the first 1 ,000 images image number 1 to 1000 were used for the experiments.
It is very noisy and often the neighborhood information could be misleading. IMDB was a challenge for all graph-based classifiers .
A popular amateur video on YouTube or Vimeo may have cost little to produce  , and may garner as many views as a movie or TV series that cost millions to make and is available through a for-pay subscription service like Netflix or Hulu. Although not all home video enthusiasts have the talent and skill to make professional-quality videos  , they do have access to the means of production and venues for distribution.
To gather list of users  , we used the Flickr API to retrieve the names of members of seventeen public groups devoted to wildlife and naturale photography. For our study  , we gathered data about collection/set relations created by a subset of Flickr users.
If no homepage is found we remove the entity from the candidates. If we find a match for the Freebase URL in ClueWeb then we use it as the entity homepage  , otherwise we use the highest ranked URL returned by the search engine that is found in ClueWeb.
The WebKB dataset contains manually classified Web pages that were collected from the computer science departments of four universities Cornell  , Texas  , Washington and Wisconsin and some other universities misc. We have conducted experiments on two real-world datasets  , WebKB 1 and 20NG 2   , to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed NGD kernel for text classification using SVMs.
Our results show that visit times can be accurately extracted from user contributed data and we feel that the accuracy of the extraction  , as well as its coverage  , are likely to improve with the enrichment of Flickr metadata. The main limitation of our method comes from the number of places that are sufficiently annotated in Flickr  , though existing metadata are already considerable more than 50 million geotagged photos and their volume is constantly growing around three million new photos each month.
The data-set contains 2000 documents  , evenly distributed between the two classes. The sentiment classification has been evaluated on a different movie review data-set firstly used in 3  , containing reviews taken from IMDb and annotated as positive or negative.
Note that since ratings in Flickr have binary values  , rating adoption influence is not applicable to Flickr. The social influence measures for different models and the real data set are presented in table 3.
Since some links among these documents imply the inter-dependence among the documents  , the usual i.i.d. For example  , in the WebKB dataset  , the link structure provides additional insights about the relationship among documents e.g.  , links often pointing from a student to her advisor or from a faculty member to his projects.
We have conducted the experiments on MovieLens and Netflix data. The approach is designed to promote an unknown item to appropriate users until it gets sufficient reliable ratings.
From the results it is seen that our recommendation is quite in agreement with IMDB recommendation. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed system for recommending movies in Internet Movie Database IMDB 1.
We choose these sizes for faster experimentation while the performance impact of optimization for larger sizes is similar. In the rest of this section  , we assess the impact of optimization using 100 AMD cores for 20M Twitter  , 300 cores for 8M ClueWeb  , and 20 cores for YMusic.
The tag universe of the dataset contains 427482 unique tags. We implement the PivotBrowser prototype  , and evaluate its query performance on a dataset containing 523746 tagged images randomly downloaded from Flickr.
Blog hosting tools  , search services and Web 2.0 sites such as Flickr and del.icio.us have popularized the use of tags. Feed subscriptions unlike flickr or technorati tag clouds evolve rather slowly and hence taking a static view of the data is not too unrealistic.
KLEE-3 and X-TPUT performed comparably. Against TPUT  , KLEE-4 is better by a factor of up to 6 in GOV and by up to more than an order of magnitude in XGOV  , and by similar factors for IMDB.
This approach has been widely used in commercial search engines such as Amazon Search  , IMDB search  , etc. There might be different ways to select the fixed set of facets  , for example  , based on domain knowledge or other considerations such as to maximize click-throughs  , purchases  , or conversion rates.
Instead of only links to relevant documents  , these domain specialised sites return answers to user queries. In recent years  , there has been a trend towards domain specific  , database-backed sites such as CiteSeer  , DBLP  , IMDB and Wikipedia  , which support browsing of information within the interface and offer structured search functionality.
We extract features related to the terms used in these descriptions by some lightweight text analysis. When users create groups on Flickr  , they provide names and descriptions for the group.
Furthermore  , many recommender systems 36  , 3  , 25  , 38 update users' preference models frequently  , either explicitly requested by users themselves or implicitly updated by their item-rating behaviors. The situation will be much worse if we consider that even the 100-million-rating Netflix dataset is only a very tiny part less than 1% of the real world one.
This is one of the largest recommendation datasets that are publicly available.  Netflix.
When the user launches the CBIR facility  , a content-based search engine PIRIA is employed. If not  , the photos are searched on the Internet  , first using Flickr and  , if not enough images are collected  , using Google Image.
To test and verify if our approach works in practice  , we conducted preliminary experiments with photos collected directly from Flickr. To see more results  , please visit the following website: http://img.cs.uec.ac.jp/yanai/ASRP/ .
Does information in Flickr flow along its social network links ? 3.
In fact  , we apply our approach to two datasets derived from Flickr which consist of 349 ,996 and 1 ,492 ,883 pictures  , respectively . Thus  , it addresses both of the challenges mentioned above.
A typical query like " Genre ⊇ {Western} ∧ Actor ⊇ {John Wayne  , Katherine Hepburn} ∧ Description ⊇ {sheriff  , marshall} " required 10802 sorted accesses for both Prob-con and Prob-smart with run-times 0.41 and 0.51 seconds  , whereas TA-sorted performed 26402 accesses in time 4.92 seconds for k=20  , both at precision 0.7. In the Imdb setting  , the reductions of sorted accesses were not as high as for Gov but the run-time reductions reached a factor of about 10 at a high macroaveraged precision of 0.71 to 0.75.
We computed agreement between the participants using kappa statistics 15. In total  , we had 16 participants  , from whom 10 completed all evaluation tasks in both datasets and the rest completed 30% of tasks in IMDB and 9% of tasks in lyrics dataset on average.
We then study the distribution of fans as a function of their distance from the uploaders. We first analyze whether the popularity of Flickr pictures is global or confined to local regions in the network.
Our first observation is that  , as expected  , the performance is gradually improved i.e. The results on MovieLens  , EachMovie and Netflix data sets are reported in Table 2  , Table 3and Table 4   , respectively .
For example  , each partition for Clueweb can have around 500 ,000 web pages. PSS is cache-oblivious and each task handles a very large partition that fits into the main memory but not fast cache.
Therefore  , we compare our clustering solutions against a random partitioning baseline. There are no baselines available for clustering the ClueWeb collections into the order of a million clusters.
In the recent Netflix competition  , low-rank matrix factorization was extremely popular among the top participants  , e.g. Low-rank matrix factorization algorithms for collaborative filtering can be roughly grouped into non-probabilistic 4  , 1  , 5  , 13 and probabilistic approaches 6  , 10  , 18 .
However  , manually acquiring the labels for these two large scale datasets is expensive and time consuming. Thus  , 20 ,000 Flickr images are labeled by three human subjects  , the majority voting is employed.
Our observations show that the percentage of social actions ϕ over the total number of actions denoted by |At| remains fairly constant throughout the evolution of SRN for both Epinions and Flickr. If the action is a rating action  , the percentage of rating actions in which a new item is rated denoted by Φr ,4  also exhibits a power law-like distribution over the number of existing items for both Epinions and Flickr  , as shown in figure 2b.
The accuracy with which a measure can identify ESP game data as describers  , and Flickr Sets data as categorizers can act as an approximation of its validity. For the extreme categorizers we used the photoset feature from Flickr  , where users sort their pictures into albums  , just like users would organize their pictures in folders on their hard drives 1 ,419 users with 39 ,298 tags.
Factorization-based collaborative filtering approaches 7  , 14  , 27  , 23  , such as regularized Singular Value Decomposition  , performed well on this competition  , possibly better than Netflix's own well-tuned Pearson correlation coefficient algorithm. Research on collaborative filtering algorithms reached a peak due to the 1 million dollar Netflix movie recommendation competition 4.
The results in Figure 1show that the average visit times obtained from Flickr FLICKR AVG – yellow are situated between the HAA MIN and HAA MAX estimations in a large majority of cases and these results seem to validate our method for automatically deducing visit times from Flickr. The intersection between the sites  , computed using a strict chain matching procedure  , identified by our approach and those in HomeAndAbroad is 53 visitor attractions figure 1.
7 extract events from geo-tagged Flickr photos. Chen et al.
tween the ERM and relevant entities. when IMdb or Amazon are either source or target dataset  , where MAP areFigure 7: Retrieval performance between source dataset S and target dataset T.
Although search engines for faceted documents are becoming increasingly prevalent e.g.  , Amazon/eBay/IMDB Search  , there has been little research on summarization of faceted documents. In this document  , the facet " genre " has three values: " Action "   , " Adventure "   , and " Sci-Fi "   , which correspond to three facet-value pairs respectively: " genre: Action "   , " genre: Adventure "   , and " genre: Sci-Fi " .
Photo-sharing sites such as Flickr and Panaramio are a great resource for photography enthusiasts and increasingly for travelers. Finally  , we conclude with directions for future work that we plan on.
In a recommender system such as Netflix and Amazon  , users can browse items and choose those items they are interested in  , while the system would also recommend to Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. For example  , Netflix has released an interesting fact that about 75% of its subscribers watch are from recommendations.
For example  , flic.kr is used exclusively within the Flickr ecosystem; therefore  , it covers very few categories and exhibits a very low change frequency  , meaning that its short URLs are posted on websites that regard the same subjects  , or even on Flickr directly. Services with 0–30% change frequency typically deal with a small set of categories and have short URLs often posted on websites of similar subjects .
We also visited each photo's web page to gather additional information about potential external links to the photo  , for instance  , whether the photo had been featured on the front page of Flickr or whether it had received a photography award. We examined the growth patterns in the 30 most popular pictures in Flickr.
Since 2007 the United States Library of Congress has been publishing pictures from their archive on the community platform Flickr. The idea of users contributing to metadata quality in general has been the subject of several studies.
Many of the improvements for the ClueWeb settings are substantial and statistically significant. We can also see in Table 5that applying ClustMRF over the DocMRF list results in performance improvements in almost all relevant comparisons.
As shown in Table 4  , the proposed methods outperformed TF*IDF in terms of multiple metrics. K-means clustering experiments on the RCV1 corpus showed a pattern quite similar to WebKB results.
In this paper  , we analyze and model the behavior of users while performing different actions. In our experiments  , we use one data set with real valued ratings Epinions and another data set with binary ratings Flickr.
We have discussed related work throughout the paper. The legend 'A2D' stands for source dataset=Amazon A  , target dataset=DBpedia D  , 'I2A' stands for source=IMdb I  , target=Amazon  , etc.
Tags such as " flickrsbest " express a recognition by other Flickr users and do not deliberately serve a navigational purpose from the owner's point of view. Only images with at least one tag were used.
Our intuition is  , that Twitter users who tweet a link to Flickr  , are likely to tweet about their own Flickr account. As a second strategy  , we consider the tweets of the TWD data set  , accumulated within the first five month of monitoring and extracted all tweets containing the string " flickr.com " .
We made use of the English portion of the Clueweb A document collection. For the second index  , the anchor-text index  , we represented each document by the anchor text of URLs pointing to that docu- ment.
For each image  , its most relevant tag from the list is labeled based on the majority voting of five volunteers. It is generated from 1  , 200 random Flickr images with at least 10 tags.
Overall  , the tagging performances across domains were inferior to that within the same domain. 7 shows the error rates of different approaches over the 7 ,000 personal photos and an ideal performance of the DL approach denoted as " DL+withinDomian "  which is trained and tested on ImageNet.
In this work  , we investigate online groups on media-centric social sharing sites. Flickr  , YouTube.
Since Clueweb is a subset of actual web  , SEAL could not answer 2 queries which were answered using Google API. Run-1 was using the Google API and Run-2 was using Clueweb API.
Figure 5 shows the performance of content-based classifiers within co-training on the validation set. Note that the labeled training set is WebKB+DBLP  , whereas the unlabeled training set is the data from our crawl.
This model is irrelevant for Netflix ratings  , where all users were anonymized. Anonymous reviews comprised between 5-10 percent of the training data in products and merchants data.
We only report b ClueWeb-Wiki Figure 2: High-precision Results of TREC123 and ClueWeb-Wiki with Different Number of Latent Variables TREC123 and ClueWeb-Wiki for these experiments  , and try different configuration of K = {1  , 3  , 5  , 10}. In this section  , we discuss the experimental results when the number of latent variable K changes.
Even worse  , since NPCA takes into account the distribution of X and computes its second order statistics by 13  , it costs an additional 4 ,000 hours in a single E-step. For example  , on the Netflix problem  , a single E-step will consume over 40 hours using NSVD 3 .
The data provided for the Netflix Prize was primarily sampled from users with many ratings. It consists of around 100 million user ratings on a scale of 1-5  , for 17 ,770 movies  , by 480 ,189 authors.
It is designed for image content analysis and retrieval . We used the MIR Flickr-2008 test set 9  for the experiments .
Clueweb collections contain substantial number of spam documents. Thus  , ERR is more suitable metric for web search.
2008 show the relationships between topicality and social connectivity in groups. 2009 has shown how Flickr groups might be meta-organized by their distributions of tags into latent topics  , while Prieur et al.
Answering this query involved performing a join across the contents of three web sites: a movie site containing actor and direc-tor information IMDB  , movie playing time sources e.g.  , 777film.com and movie review sites e.g.  , a newspaper. For example  , the system was able to answer queries such as: find reviews of movie directed by Woody Allen playing in my area.
Photos from Colorado outside the date range sual similarity measure takes advantage of manually tagged data available at the Flickr photo sharing site. The visual and tag similarity criteria tend to evenly distribute photos see Figure 5.
In the Netflix-24k dataset we see an average acceptance rate of 77.77%. To verify that our approximation was working well  , we recorded the average acceptance rate for a couple of our datasets.
We used Indri 5.1 for indexing and retrieving documents from the Clueweb Category B collection. The first 1000 results per query were retrieved using the Okapi BM25 similarity function without any expansion or relevance feedback setting.
30 learn a generative text model from the query's Wikipedia page and a discriminative image model from the Caltech and Flickr data sets. For instance  , Wang et al.
Users of Flickr can create and attach tags to their photos. We preprocess these tags by discarding the ones that belong to a multi-lingual stop-word dictionary obtaining around 5 million distinct tags.
Third  , by comparing the two margin-based approaches for active learning  , namely  , LogReg-AL and SVM-AL  , we observe that  , for a number of categories  , LogReg-AL achieves substantially better performance than SVM-AL. In fact  , there are a few categories in WebKB and Newsgroup that the logistic regression model performs slightly better than the SVM.
The optimization error of EM-tree is robust with respect to different initializations when producing fine-grained clusters of ClueWeb. It allows the tree structure to adapt to the data.
Since user behavior varies over time  , we group pageviews into sessions. To perform our analysis  , we split the activity of a single user into different sessions when either of these two conditions hold:  External url: if a user visiting Flickr leaves the site and returns from a different domain  , the current session ends even if previous visits are within the 25 minute threshold we make the assumption that if a user is viewing a page on Flickr and visits another domain  , then the session ends.
The Clueweb Online Services 3 were used to retrieve the top 100 documents for each query  , using the same ranking functions and version of Indri described in Section 3. Results are reported over the Clueweb category B collection.
Three possible relational storage mappings for the IMDB schema are shown in Figure 3. Sample data reflective of real-world information that conforms with this schema in shown in Figure 2.
Flickr provides users with privacy control over photos they upload  , allowing photos to be classified as either private  , visible only to their friends  , or  , the default  , public. To use most of these features  , users must create a Flickr account and they must be logged-in to Flickr.
Thus tag based image retrieval is very popular and practical in the searching engines such as Flickr. Image tags have certain consistent with its visual content.
For services requiring authentication  , SI logs users in as necessary. Internet-based services currently supported include Facebook  , Flickr  , Twitter  , Picasa  , Wikipedia  , del.ico.us  , MSN Money  , and any user-specified RSS feed.
For example  , we can apply it to movie recommendations by Netflix based on the personalized and vanilla ranked list of related movies presented when a user visits a particular movie page. urls  , movies  , products  , etc.
Second  , we observe that the difference in the F 1 measurement between the logistic regression model and the SVM is smaller for both the WebKB dataset and the Newsgroup dataset than for the Reuters-21578 dataset. This fact indicates that the text categorization of WWW documents can be more difficult than the categorization of normal documents.
It is worth noting that although we take Flickr as an example  , the proposed multi-level graph model can be applied to any kind of community  , such as Facebook and LinkedIn. Without loss of generality  , we take the most popular photo sharing site  , Flickr  , as the social media platform to illustrate our multi-level graph modeling  , which mainly has four types of entities  , i.e.  , user V u   , photo V p   , tags V t  and geolocations V g .
The databases listed in TEL-8 database list in the UIUC deep web interface repository 5  are used for online evaluations we remove non-working sources. We used three sets of data bases— i a set of stand-alone online data sources ii hundreds of data sources collected via Google Base iii a million IMDB records 2.
We observe that when delay increases  , the throughput of delay-sensitive application decreases sharply  , while the delay-insensitive application decreases only mildly. AP 1 represents a Netflix-type of application that is more sensitive to delay and has a high maximum rate α1 = 10 Mbps; however  , AP 2 represents a Google-type of query application that is less sensitive to delay.
The ActorsInMovies table has 1.2 million records with information about actors and their movies  , including date of birth day  , month  , year  , movie ID  , and position in the cast list of the movie. The Movies table has 120 ,000 records with the information about movies  , including their ID  , title  , release year  , runtime  , IMDB rank  , and number of votes.
In Flickr  , a cluster is a group of photographs in the search results with the exact latitude and longitude. The third issue is the definition of " cluster " itself.
In order to observe the effect of reverse training  , we used the IMDb website  , which favors such extraction scenarios. Finally  , we noticed that many incorrect tuple sets on Art actually had indexing restrictions.
Many learning methods  , such as k nearest neighbors k-NN  , Naive Bayes  , maximum entropy  , and support vector machines SVMs  , have been applied to a lot of classification problems with different benchmark collections Reuters-21578  , 20Newsgroups  , WebKB  , etc. Learning to classify text and Web documents has been intensively studied during the past decade.
Using a linear combination of co-clusterings corresponds to a rather different interpretation of user preferences and movie properties. The result is a model that is conceptually simple  , has a small parameter space  , has interpretable structure  , and still achieves the best published accuracy for matrix completion on Netflix  , as seen in Figure 1.
The vast majority of comments are useful   , but we only have the resources to comment back when we verify that a suggested change was on target  , so that the Flickr users will know that their information is making a difference. " They confirmed that commenting back is one indicator of a useful comment: " all Flickr comments are being read by LOC staff.
The running time on CiteSeer has already been discussed  , and here we focus on Flickr and Wikipedia. The plots' Y-axes running time are in log scale.
This data is available for the birthday  , birthplace  , death date  , death place and spouse relations. For that purpose  , we automatically created a gold standard by mining structured data from the IMDb web site.
7 studied the spam filtering in the  " ClueWeb " collection and showed that the spam filtering could significantly improve the performance of a system. Cormack et al.
Being restricted by hardware resource  , we used the category A search engine developed by CMU The volume of English portion of uncompressed ClueWeb category A is about 15 TB.
Are the objects fixated differently on the Google page than the UM or IMDb pages because of familiarity  , or because of a difference in page complexity ? Could Way Edges contribute to the phenomenon of banner blindness ?
This seems to be in line with the hypothesis formulated in 19  , for which dependence models may yield larger improvements for large collections. From the comparisons with the LM baseline  , one can see that QLM-UNI outperforms LM significantly  , with relative improvements in MAP going up to 12.1% in the case of WT10g collection and 19.2% for the ClueWeb-B collection.
Actual numbers are omitted as they convey no additional insight. This resulted in a statistically significant performance decrease with respect to at least one of the three evaluation metrics of concern MAP  , p@5 and NDCG@5 for all top-10 feature functions for the ClueWeb settings.
For five of the six queries  , domain-contact annotations are preferred to close-contact annotations  , on average. Similarly  , the " netflix " and " movie times " queries  , though not showing a significant effect   , indicate that a preference for domain-contact annotations might exist for at least some navigational and transactional queries.
In particular we describe how the last.fm and upcoming datasets have been derived from Flickr. In this section we present our experimental settings and results .
The models are built on the tag sets from public Flickr photos . We compare the DLMs to the fixed-cell representation where the coordinates are rounded to two decimal places.
For evaluating our methods  , we used WebKB datasets4 and these web pages crawled from these four universities' website are manually divided into seven classes  , such as students  , faculty  , staff  , department  , course  , project and others. Fig.1also shows that when c is between 0.25 to 0.45  , SimRank will receive the highest scores and when c is between 0.55 to 0.9  , P-Rank will get the highest scores for these datasets.
We first built a co-occurrence network where nodes are smell words and undirected edges are weighted with the number of times the two words cooccur in the same Flickr pictures as tags Flickr is the dataset containing the highest number of smell words. The next stage was to create a structure for a large and apparently unrelated dataset of smell words through a system of classification.
Regardless of its rating level  , MudRecS extracts 99 reviews retrieved for each one of the 75 movies M and determines the polarity of each feature covered in M . The provided ratings on the 75 movies given by a user U were extracted from the Netflix dataset.
The Internet Movie Database IMDb is a popular site for looking up information on movie reviews. 7
We refer the readers to our previous work 21  , 22 for data analysis on the general properties and growth patterns of the network. We observed 2.5 million Flickr users and 33 million links  , an estimated 25% of the entire Flickr network.
Netflix Data: This data set was constructed by combining documents about movies crawled from the web with a set of actual movie rental customer relevance judgments from Netflix19. directors  , actors  , etc.
Specifically  , documents assigned by Waterloo's spam classi- fier 6 with a score below 70 and 50 for ClueA and ClueB  , respectively  , were filtered out from the initial corpus ranking described below. ClueAF and ClueBF are two additional experimental settings created from ClueWeb following previous work 6.
Our approach in this paper utilizes the set of geo-referenced  " geotagged "  images on Flickr: images whose exact location was automatically captured by the camera or a locationaware device e.g.  , 1 or  , alternatively  , specified by the user the Flickr website supports this functionality  , as do other tools – see 23 for a survey of methods for geo-referencing images. Our approach may lead not only to improved image search results  , but also to better systems for managing digital images beyond the early years 21.
On the IMDb page  , the main content receives significantly more fixations than the header  , left and right columns  , which receive significantly more than the footer. Post hoc pairwise comparisons show that in the case of the Google page  , the fixation count in the main content is significantly greater than in any other section  , and the fixation count in the header section is greater than in the advertisement and footer sections.
From content providers' perspective  , CDNs can deliver their content faster and more efficiently; from local ISPs' perspective  , CDNs can reduce the traffic volume from upstream  , saving transit costs from their providers. The situation is further complicated by the emergence of new players in the ecosystem: Content Delivery Networks CDNs  , e.g.  , Akamai 1 and Limelight 6  , and high-quality video streaming providers  , e.g.  , Netflix 7.
We first perform Web information extraction to obtain tourism metadata. Query result lists from wikipedia  , flickr and youtube using " Tian Tan " temple of heaven as the query
The result is a model that is conceptually simple  , has a small parameter space  , has interpretable structure  , and still achieves the best published accuracy for matrix completion on Netflix  , as seen in Figure 1. To achieve state of the art results  , we use an additive model of simple co-clusterings that we call stencils  , rather than building a large single coclustering .
The titles of TREC topics served for queries. The Pspam· and Ppr· PageRank score measures are used only for the ClueWeb-based settings as these information types are not available for the other settings.
Most recommender systems rely Copyright is held by the International World Wide Web Conference Committee IW3C2. By suggesting information from a huge volume of information pool that is likely to interest users  , recommender systems have become a promising tool to handle information overload in many online application scenarios like ecommerce e.g.  , Amazon  , Netflix  , social networks e.g.  , LinkedIn   , Fouthsquare and review sites e.g.  , Movielens  , Epinions   , to name a few 23.
In total  , our test collection contains about 375 ,000 movies and over 1 ,200 ,000 persons with a total index list size of 140 MB  , structured into the object-relational table schema Movies Title  , Genre  , Actors  , DescriptionZi49  , varying the Zipf parameter θ  , to create varying skewness. The IMDB collection consists of data from the Internet Movie Database http://www.imdb.com.
To test our model in this setting we use the Netflix-24k dataset. This is a common issue in online systems and is the worst-case form of spammers who add realistic-looking reviews to try to camouflage their fraudulent behavior.
Having established that our accuracy is comparable to SVM  , we turn to a detailed investigation of the scalability and IO behavior of the two Figure 8: Aggregate F1 scores for NB  , SIMPL  , and SVM for some of the most populated topics of the Reuters and WebKB data sets. The number of SVM iterations seem to scale up with the problem size  , unlike SIMPL.
For photograph searching  , Flickr supports two types of search. zoom level  , displayable map boundary  , etc.
Given the movie descriptions  , we then assigned facets to the movies. We downloaded the descriptions of 2410 random movies from the IMDb database.
Our demonstration aims at illustrating the whole functionality of our system as well as its ease of use  , as we invite all visitors to instantly join our network. http://trec.nist.gov and on more structured data  , as for example taken from the IMDB movie database http://www.imdb.com.
In Section 4 we describe our modified BrowseGraph. In Section 3 we present the features of our Flickr dataset and we describe how we extract user session information.
Many famous online vendors such as Amazon and Netflix leverage recommender systems to advertise products to customers. Recommender systems have become an important and independent research area since the mid-1990s 1  , achieving great success in e-commerce.
In this paper  , we study the recurrence dynamics of social tagging  , i.e.  , how tags recur in folksonomies. Social tagging aka folksonomy is popular in Web 2.0 applications  , such as Delicious  , CiteULike  , Last.fm  , Flickr and YouTube.
Similar pattern can be observed on the TREC4-Kmeans. We only report b ClueWeb-Wiki Figure 2: High-precision Results of TREC123 and ClueWeb-Wiki with Different Number of Latent Variables TREC123 and ClueWeb-Wiki for these experiments  , and try different configuration of K = {1  , 3  , 5  , 10}.
As noted earlier  , scenarios of two-phase recommendation are common on the web—for example  , clicking a movie recommendation on Netflix and rating it after watching  , or clicking a Page recommendation on Facebook and deciding to Like it. The models for L and R can be based on standard collaborative filtering models 22 or socially enhanced variants 15.
The Flickr Feasibility Study FFS is an experimental service developed by the IMLS Digital Collections and Content DCC project to facilitate participation by cultural heritage institutions in Web 2.0 spaces such as Flickr. In this poster we report on a framework to facilitate both the analyses of the accelerating use of the photostream and interactions with contributing institutions to examine trends  , benefits  , roadblocks  , and services for cultural heritage institutions that wish to participate in Web 2.0 sharing.
We also consider the implications these findings have on established data sets for the image placing task. More importantly  , when comparing the results of the two ground truth versions  , we find that the Flickr-based ground truth evaluation underestimates the accuracy of the evaluation in the 10m range by a large degree: while 5.7% of test items were placed within 10m of the Flickr-based ground truth  , 12.2% of images were placed within the 10m range when considering the highly accurate corrected ground truth.
In the REF task  , we focused on modifications to simplify the evaluation and to improve cross-system comparison: 1 only primary homepages are accepted  , i.e.  , relevance is binary; 2 for each answer  , a single supporting document is required; 3 target type is not limited anymore; 4 groups that generate results using Web Search Engines are required to submit an obligatory run  , using the Lemur ClueWeb Online Query Service. Motivated by observations from the 2010 Entity track  , we made the following changes in the track setup for 2011.
Table 5 summarizes the role of social cascades in the spread of favorite markings. We examined the fraction of favorite markings that spread through social links in Flickr.
Experiments are conducted on a movie dataset including 186 ,235 reviews on 1 ,650 movies along with their star ratings crawled from the Internet Movie Database IMDB. We use the model proposed in 10 referred to as TF as the first baseline.
Both of these are similar to the accuracy reported for fulltext classification of the WebKB data by Fürnkranz 9of the words occurring in the same paragraph of the inbound links produced slightly worse accuracy than the full-text  , likely due to the very small number of inlinks  , and the small number of words occurring in the same paragraph. For the category of faculty  , there were 70 positive and 1000 negative test  , with an accuracy of 99% negative  , and 64.3% positive.
Both ran for five iterations and produced 700 ,000 and 600 ,000 clusters respectively. Clustering the ClueWeb 09 and 12 signatures took approximately 15 and 20 hours.
If the collection is not only big but also contains much noise such as ClueWeb  , using more subset queries even hurts the performance. However  , when the size of the collection becomes very large such as Gov2  , using more subset queries does not help much retrieval all relevant documents .
A similar approach attacks a social network graph by correlating it with known identities on another 33. de-anonymized Netflix movie ratings 3.
For IMDB  , we count with the average rating provided by users on a 1 to 10 star scale  , and with additional information about the movie including year of release and languages for more than 300 thousand movies. First  , we downloaded the datasets of the Open Movie DataBase 14  , which is based on data publicly displayed on IMDB.com and RottenTomatoes.com and has been used in previous research on movies 18.
According to 3  , there are currently over 40 ,000 ,000 public geotagged photos on Flickr  , and 100 ,000 geotagged photos have been added every month. Then  , Flickr also became the largest " geotagged " photo database in the world.
datasets  , we find an average of 546 distinct words per Twitter account   , 730 per Yelp account  , and 516 per Flickr account. Correlating accounts from Flickr to Twitter is better than from Yelp to Twitter possibly because the short description of the photos may be more similar in style and topic to tweets than reviews.
The majority of fixations are in the centre of the page  , and people ignore the information separated by the right hand Way Edge. Figure 4shows people completing task IMDB 2.
shows the latency for a directory listing and a remote data read invoked through Menagerie/MFS to Gmail  , Yahoo Mail  , Flickr  , and Google Docs. The two machines were connected via a 100Mbps switch.
In creating the opinion lexicons  , we extracted terms from external sources e.g.  , IMDb movie reviews and plot summaries as well as the blog collection. For opinion detection  , we leveraged the complementary opinion evidences of Opinion Lexicon e.g.  , suck  , cool  , Opinion Collocation e.g.  , I believe  , to me  , and Opinion Morphology e.g.  , sooooo  , metacool in the form of semi-automatically constructed opinion lexicons.
The first reconciliation technique that we consider is a variation of the algorithm used to de-anonymize the Netflix prize dataset 15. The algorithm first defines a score between users u and v as follows:
We do not explore exact text matches because these are usually automated  , and we capture these cases with timing matching. To explore this potential  , we examine correlating Yelp reviews and Flickr photo descriptions with Twitter posts.
Most important  , WebKB relies on supervised learning methods that take as input labeled hypertext regions  , whereas KNOWITALL employs unsupervised learning methods that extract facts by using search engines to home in on easy-to-understand sentences scattered throughout the Web. However  , the two projects rely on a different architecture and very different learning techniques.
Thus the time to process a single topic with a configured corpus size of 16 was about 2 minutes without any parallelization. However  , it has to be mentioned that the runtime processing of documents leads to huge overhead as opposed to annotating the whole clueweb corpus in advance.
We localize the POI mentions using location models inferred from Flickr data. The name of a POI is not sufficient  , as the POI must also be associated with a set of geographic coordinates.
Both English and German tag networks are mined from Flickr. The tag networks needed for the proposed methods are generated from the on-line Flickr folksonomy via Flickr APIs.
The former  , in part  , might be necessitated by the move to ClueWeb English; groups that could not handle the collection resorted to Web search engine APIs. On the other hand  , the reliance on Wikipedia has decreased slightly 14 out of 48 runs treated Wikipedia in a special way  , in contrast to last year's 16 out of 41.
The top-left plot shows the Figure 2: Time-Averaged RMSE for kNN & Bias Algorithm left  , Adaptive-kNN right We illustrate many of the changes that the Netflix data 1 is subject to over time in Figure 1 .
Although the MediaEval benchmark also provides a test set a set of Flickr items for which to estimate their latitude/longitude   , we created our own for two reasons:  It is very difficult to determine for arbitrary Flickr users whether they have a Twitter account unless they provide it in their Flickr user profile. Since for our evaluation we can only rely as ground truth on images for which we have a geo-location  , we used these 7477 images as our test set of images.
To answer the third question  , we tested the efficiency of the new algorithm on the entire Netflix data set where about half a million user models need to be learned together. To answer the second question  , we compared the proposed new algorithm with the standard EM algorithm to see whether the new learning algorithm is better .
Figure 2a presents our observation on the percentage of actions being performed by new users versus the total number of users existing in Epinions and Flickr. However this probability is not a fixed number.
With the training dataset and other sources of tags such as IMDB  , Movie- Lens predicts the relevances for other pairs based on different machine learning models. In this approach  , users provide the training dataset by evaluating how strongly a tag describe a movie.
A related scenario that is especially relevant today is searching for used cars or jobs  , apartments in one's area. Answering this query involved performing a join across the contents of three web sites: a movie site containing actor and direc-tor information IMDB  , movie playing time sources e.g.  , 777film.com and movie review sites e.g.  , a newspaper.
The reason is that  , even though they found similar photographs  , these photographs may not contain appropriate tags. For participants who used Flickr  , they seemed to have difficulty with the task.
Through searches performed via Klostu and its sister site BoardTracker  , the lists of results for a particular keyword search could also be returned with a complementary set of SIOC metadata. corresponding Flickr photos or events from Upcoming.org.
Top recommendation systems have used thousands of factors per item and per user  , as was the case in the winning submissions in the Netflix prize 10. of proposed matrix factorization models and inference methods .
Our experimental evaluation validates our measures on real-world and synthetic data sets. As shown in figures 2 and 9  , both the IMDB and sensor data sets illustrate how correlation of attributes can quickly cause the Anytime TA algorithm to climb to 100% confidence  , this can be accounted for by the fact that the correlation of data cause the the kM inScore and M axOthers groups to quickly diverge.
Secondly  , a lot of the Web homepages are not judged  , especially the pages in our unofficial runs. When the complete Clueweb collection will be considered  , this problem could become significantly smaller.
We focus on web search queries containing name entities of each category e.g.  , musicians  , and possibly a word or phrase indicating generic and popular intent for that category of entities e.g.  , songs of musicians. We can also get such data from different web sites like IMDB or Amazon  , or use automatic approach 19 to collect them.
The ranking of the residual corpus was used to create the document list upon which the various methods operate. The score indicates the percentage of all documents in ClueWeb Category A that are presumably " spammier " than the document at hand.
In every experiment  , one of them serves as the source dataset and the other two represent the target datasets. Our experiments were conducted with 3 RDF Web datasets  , DBpedia 3.5.1  , IMdb  , and Amazon.
The Imdb setting used the data of the Internet Movie Database http://www.imdb.com to study our methods' performance on a combination of text and structured attributes . This query expansion typically doubled the number of keywords per query; the longest query contained 20 keywords  " legalization marijuana cannabis euphoric drug abuse pot smoke … " .
These annotations can be shared with others. URIs in delicious  , or images in Flickr.
netflix  that could be trivially identified by other means such as matching the query string with the domain name of the clicked site. Thanks to our method  , we are able to not only recognize frequent navigational intent queries e.g.
WOM is only organizational; objects remain stored and managed by their respective Web services. In shows that Ann is in the process of dragging a Flickr product photo onto her Computer_Accessories directory.
We first report scalability results on Flickr see Figure 5b. Original Topo takes more than 10 seconds  , and Sampled Topo runs slightly faster than CODICIL methods.
2006 performed an early study on Flickr  , developing a taxonomy of social tagging systems. Marlow et al.
RMSE is defined asmight be an appropriate evaluation metric for movie recommendation tasks where multiple levels of ratings are available  , two crucial issues will arise while using it as an evaluation metric to SSR. For instance  , in the Netflix Prize  , Rooted Mean Squared Error RMSE is used to measure the accuracy of rating predictions.
Amazon and IMDB but has a negative effect when a different and diverse dataset like DBpedia is involved. We observed that boosting helps to improve the performance when dealing with similar datasets i.e.
We treat the output of this 1000 object classifier as features  , and train a SVR to predict log-normalized image popularity as done in the previous sections. In addition  , this method achieved state-of-the-art classification results in the ImageNet classification challenge demonstrating its effectiveness in this task.
For the rest of the corpora no feature selection is done  , both stemming and stopword-removal are used. The empirical evaluation is done on four single-labeled datasets: a " by-date " version of 20Newsgroup  , Reuters-8 For WebKB the settings in 2 are followed.
The length of relevant and the length of non-relevant documents are very close to each other on the ClueWeb B. The .GOV2 has the highest variability and mean value among the four test collections .
IMDB has a huge user base and we are interested in what users are searching for when they search for videos. We also took IMDB Internet Movie DataBase 11 into consideration as input.
In Section 6  , we show state of the art results on two practical problems  , a sample of movies viewed by a few million users on Xbox consoles  , and a binarized version of the Netflix competition data set. Section 5 combines variational inference and stochastic gradient descent to present methods for large scale parallel inference for this probabilistic model.
For almost all Wikipedia pages with relevant titles the external link to a ClueWeb page is relevant. The approach based on following the external links gives the best results.
It is interesting to note that in WebKB  , M 2 DCU is faster than M 2 DCU-0  , which indicates introducing the Universum examples may sometimes reduce the number of CCCP iterations. Please note that the CPU running time for KMeans and GMM reported here are the results of 50 independent runs.
Preliminary experiments support the validity and effectiveness of the approach. In this paper  , we provide a tensor decomposition-based Flickr group recommendation model by combining semantic data with social data.
The Reuters dataset contains news articles and we use the 10 most popular categories from the Reuters dataset 3. We use the Reuters 21578 and WebKB datasets and  , following other studies 3  , we define two documents as being similar if they belong to the same category.
The provided ratings on the 75 movies given by a user U were extracted from the Netflix dataset. Shown in Table 2are the 75 movies rated at five different levels.
Fandango is of type organization. IMDb is of type database  , or organizations e.g.
Therefore  , we had a close look at the search interface of IMDB in order to model a very simple video content ontology. IMDB has a huge user base and we are interested in what users are searching for when they search for videos.
Accuracy: As shown in figures 8 and 9 as the dimensionality of the gPDFs increases  , the confidence measure for both the sensor and the IMDB data sets become increasingly accurate as expected. Therefore  , at any given point during execution there is less uncertainty of the remaining unseen scores in the database.
These applications let people express their opinions about items in Twitter. In this paper  , we investigate the tweets of four diverse and popular web applications hereafter  , called domains: IMDb  , YouTube  , Goodreads  , and Pandora which contain movies  , video clips  , books  , and musics  , respectively.
Flickr users also have the option to create and join groups  , where people can post images and comments. Flickr: Flickr is an image hosting website  , where users can endorse an entity image by including it in their 'Favorites'.
We evaluate the proposed models on Flickr dataset.  GeoFolk: The topic modeling method proposed in 13  , which uses both text and spatial information see Section 5.4.4.
In all these services  , each time a user sends a message  , chooses a tag or annotates a resource  , one or multiple relations are recorded. Examples include Wikipedia  , del.icio.us  , YouTube  , DBLP  , Flickr  , Facebook  , and the blogosphere.
As evident from Table 3b  , in most cases except for the ClueWeb-B collection the retrieval effectiveness in terms of MAP is significantly improved by the hypergraph extension. Table 3b compares the performance of the sequential dependence baseline SD and its corresponding hypergraph H-SD.
We begin by examining the degree distributions of the 2.5 million users. In summary  , the Flickr social structure exhibits properties that promise wide-spread dissemination of popular information throughout the network.
This makes the problem very challenging since many user/items have very little data to build accurate representations. Note that the MSD dataset has more than 20 times more items than both MovieLens and Netflix  , and is over 100 times more sparse.
Hence  , among the three resources compared  , we conclude that Flickr is most suited for learning word2vec models for zero-shot image tagging. While subspecies of grass is retrieved in the Google based space  , tags depicting the visual context of grass  , e.g.  , 'tree'  , 'hedge'  , and 'pasture'   , are deemed to be more relevant to 'grass' in the Flickr based space.
Collaborative filtering engines from sites such as Amazon or NetFlix have to deal with tens of millions of users' data. For instance  , a search engine needs to crawl and index billions of web-pages.
Therefore there are 98.81% of elements are missing in the rating matrix. In addition  , Netflix also provides a set of validation data with 1 ,408 ,395 ratings.
The contribution of this paper to the recommendation research field is to show the impact of trends on the transition probability of items  , and that the estimated time offset to purchase in the absence of recommendations is a useful metric of serendipitousness. Table 2: Comparison of various methods as applied to Music  , Video  , Netflix  , and Query data sets: Results that indicate significant inter-method difference  , t-test p < 0.01  , p < 0.05  , are marked with '**'  , '*'  , respectively.
WebKB 3 extracts instances of classes and relations based on web page contents and their linkage path. KIM 2 provides a novel Knowledge and Information Management infrastructure and services for automatic semantic annotation  , indexing  , and retrieval of documents.
Golder and Huberman 2006  studied several aspects of Delicious   , which is the representative social tagging system. There are numerous social tagging systems like Flickr and Delicious  , which have been studied for years.
An average Netflix user has rated less than 100 movies while only 10% have rated over 400 movies. Figure 2bdepicts the distribution of the number of ratings per user and per expert.
to expand the marketing efforts from historically a few best-sellings toward a large Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Amazon  , Netflix  , Yahoo!
They studied Flickr and also found that the social network played a significant role in photo propagation. The most similar to our work is by Lerman and Jones 14.
The Wikipedia data set contains many cross-links. It becomes clear that at least a similarity threshold of 0.25 is necessary to form a meaningful neighborhood around each test document from the IMDB database.
For example  , we find that transitivity is much more important than selection in the creation of social relations for both Epinions and Flickr.  Our experimental study provides interesting insights into the factors that drive SRNs.
Nonetheless   , there are many other and better objectives that one could strive to optimize for. The least mean squares loss is a mainstay in collaborative filtering  , not the least due to the Netflix contest.
The existing approaches of interactive query construction work well for small or medium sized databases of a particular domain  , such as IMDB 5 and Lyrics 16  , which contain around 20 tables 7. The technology of interactive query construction 7 enables novice users to interactively create structured queries and retrieve desired information from a database without knowing any structured query language or studying the database schema a-priori.
Social media sites such as Flickr are on the leading edge of the social Web revolution. We showed that for the images produced by good photographers   , the views and favorites they receive correlate most
In the second stage we retrieved results for the original topic  , and separately for each reformulation  , from the ClueWeb corpus. In the first stage we generated query reformulations  , using three different rewriting techniques  , all based on the anchor text of co-citing hyperlinks.
For Netflix data set  , we follow the popular evaluation protocol on this data set. For MovieLens and Each- Movie data set  , we randomly split the ratings for each users into training set and test set and perform 4-fold cross validation .
Therefore  , we removed those experts who did not contain at least ρ ratings of the Netflix movies. However  , an initial analysis showed that many of them had very few ratings and were therefore not adding any improvement to our predictions see per user distribution in the experts data set in Figure 2b.
The experimental results showed that distributions of data in these domains are different and multi-task learning methods can transfer knowledge between the domains to improve user engagement evaluation performance. We considered four popular web applications in our experiments: IMDb  , YouTube  , GoodReads  , and Pandora.
We also compare the computational time used by different algorithms in Table 4. This guarantees a competitive performance of the MSS model on this Flickr data set as on the book author data set.
If those are found in a text  , the number of matches with the ontology becomes extremely large several thousand for SAPTerm and hundreds of thousands for IMDB. A particular problem occurs for extremely ambiguous q-grams  , i.e.  , those q-grams that occur frequently in the ontology.
The dynamical social networks of Flickr and Yahoo! Questions regarding the dynamical evolution of a social network are often very interesting  , but also difficult to answer.
We matched these discovered FriendFeed users with a Twitter and Flickr account against the users in the TWD data set and found 131 FriendFeed profiles that listed one of the TWD Twitter accounts with at least 10 public tweets and 5 or more publicly accessible images in their Flickr stream. Of those users  , 14.69% have listed in their profiles among others at least one Twitter and one Flickr account.
MovieLens-1M  , MovieLens-10M and the 100M Netflix dataset  , and the results clearly demonstrate the advantage of the proposed PPH algorithm. Extensive experiments are conducted on three real world datasets  , i.e.
Data science careers abound in education  , government  , for-profit companies  , and non-profit organizations  , and data science is increasingly applied in virtually every domain. Moreover  , we need to get the word out that data scientists work in many fields—from determining the best content to deliver for Netflix  , to helping the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention track flu epidemics  , to helping retailers determine how to market to customers.
social image tagging websites  , such as Flickr  , depend solely on user tagging to allow for image retrieval. As a result  , Figure 1: Differing Levels of Temporal Association for four tags: sunrise  , sunset  , autumn and leaves.
Its difficult to predict how Flickr  , del.icio.us  , and other folksonomy-dependent sites will scale as content volume escalates. There is also the problem of scalability.
Furthermore  , many folksonomy websites provide simple search engines themselves. The two most well known Web 2.0 social tagging websites  , Del.icio.us and Flickr  , have been purchased by Yahoo!.
The Flick data set used in this paper contains 150K social relations and 30K rating actions expressed by 5.2K users on 5K items. We used the version of the Flickr data set 4 published by authors of 2.
Last  , the AP quality-sensitivity effect tells that when AP traffic becomes more and more inelastic  , e.g.  , the surge of Netflix traffic  , lower quality service will become less valuable and therefore its price will drop quickly. This is also why they are looking for providing value-added and differentiated services .
We collect 16145 images from 767 Flickr users  , which are contributed to 24 popular Flickr groups. Therefore  , the social group suggestion task is converted to as a classification problem.
In recent years  , there has been a trend towards domain specific  , database-backed sites such as CiteSeer  , DBLP  , IMDB and Wikipedia  , which support browsing of information within the interface and offer structured search functionality. index vast amounts of documents on many topics  , and rely on keyword user input to offer links to relevant documents.
Recent offerings such as My MSN  , My Yahoo!  , My Google  , and Google News have attracted much attention due to their potential ability to infer a user's interests from his/her history. For example  , online stores  , such as Amazon and Netflix  , provide customized recommendations for additional products or services based on a user's history.
In a transactional query  , the user wishes to conduct a transaction with some website  , e.g. searching with the term " netflix " to reach the site netflix.com.
or " conferences. " SI is accessed simply by typing top-level hierarchy words followed by a dot e.g.  , " flickr. "
For instance  , in del.icio.us  , the resources are URLs  , and in flickr  , the resources are pictures. What is considered as a resource depends on the type of system.
when the image results returned from a search to Flickr are directly used to search the CLEF collection. The aim of the first experiment was to investigate the performance when using an intermediary automatically  , i.e.
Figure 4depicts the estimation error of XSKETCHes for the IMDB and XMark data sets as a function of the synopsis size. for branching path expressions with range value predicates.
Figure 1shows the distributional pattern of relevant and non-relevant document length for the test collections disk1&2  , .GOV2  , WT10G and ClueWeb B respectively using kernel density estimation with the standard normal kernel function . Kernel density estimation gives us a global picture of the given dataset.
Three tagging networks on Twitter  , Flickr  , and Delicious are compared to answer RQ1 Contrast in Section 4. Datasets used in this paper are described in Section 3.
Alternatively  , we can derive indicators for relevant entities through a pseudo-relevance feedback approach on entity links in ClueWeb documents. Extending the idea of the relevance model to bags-of-entities  , we derive a distribution over entities as a document-weighted mixture model over document-wise entity language models.
Recently  , leveraging user-contributed photo collections e.g.  , Flickr 6 has attracted lots of research efforts. 15 proposed an image tag suggestion tool based on mining of location tags from Flickr photos.
We crawled the social network to gather information from 2.5 million Flickr users and 33 million links between them. in 2005  , is an online social network for sharing photos.
As we can see  , all data sources have an impact on the system performance   , and web search results based features provide the most useful signal for answer ranking. We will remove a group of web search  , CQA or Clueweb-based features and see how the performance of the whole system changes Table 5.
We also report results on a data set derived from the Netflix prize data 6   , one of the most famous public data sets for recommendation. Netflix 5 star data.
Flickr 1 is one of the crop of new " social media " sites  , along with blogs  , wikis and their kin  , that are transforming the Web to a participatory medium where the users are actively creating  , evaluating and distributing information. We should that social browsing is an important method used for navigating Flickr.
Spark extracts several signals from a variety of data sources  , including user sessions  , Twitter and Flickr  , using a large cluster of computers running Hadoop. The focus of our study is Yahoo's Spark system 3.
On disk1&2  , .GOV2 and WT10g  , the center of the non-relevant document length distribution shifts far away to the right of the relevant document length distribution . Moreover  , the curves on .GOV2 and ClueWeb B become more symmetric after the transformation.
For both ClueWeb collections  , the entity context model with window size 8 performs well. This is in not the case for the ClueWeb collections.
BPR and DNS with different polynomial degrees against the real training time on Netflix. In Figure 4  , we compare the performance convergence of 3 The popularity-based recommendation generally works worse on more long tailed datasets.
Using the intermediary  , the best performance was achieved by taking the top ranking Flickr image result  , but at the cost of a large standard deviation between the different topics  , i.e.  , for some topics  , using the top ranked Flickr result may return some relevant material  , while for others  , no relevant material is returned. The relatively large SD when compared to performance suggests that there are images which perform relatively well within the ranked lists returned in the searches.
We use four publiclyavailable datasets  , including MovieLens 100K Dataset  , Movie- Lens 1M Dataset  , subset of Netflix Dataset and subset of Eachmovie Dataset. We now describe datasets we have used in the experiments   , and the metrics we have used to evaluate attributes  , followed by experimental results.
For the random walk model  , the performances of RW- PCC and RWKRCC are very close on the EachMovie data set while RWKRCC outperformed RWKRCC on the Netflix data. For the greedy order algorithm  , we can see that using Kendall Rank Correlation Coefficient as the similarity measure has led to higher performances than the Pearson Correlation Coefficient and the Vector Similarity on both data sets.
From our dataset  , we picked 5 photographs with the content related to an arbitrary location. After that  , half of them were randomly assigned to use Flickr while the rest used TagNSearch to perform the experimental tasks.
Wikipedia in combination with structured data from IMDB  , and 4. the DBLP data31  converted to XML in combination with href links to researcher homepages and further Web pages about projects  , courses  , etc. We present experimental results on large-scale datasets using four different setups: 1. the INEX benchmark 28 for XML-IR  , 2. the open Internet encyclopedia Wikipedia consisting of more than 400 ,000  , highly cross-linked lexicon entries  , 3.
Extending the evaluation campaign to additional  , larger document collections e.g.  , TREC WT10g  , ClueWeb will be the next step for comparing the presented platform in different environments where further issues have also to be addressed as  , for example  , the scalability of the entire pipeline. The evaluation here reported may be considered a first step for observing the behavior of the approach under different configurations and for enabling an analysis of the impact of each semantic layer.
We study three different data sets: product reviews and merchant reviews from Google Product Search  , and Netflix movie ratings. We then use the scores to rank reviewed objects and compare the performance of the different algorithms against a test set of ranked pairs.
IMDB was a challenge for all graph-based classifiers . All other improvements shown on the DBLP data are significant according to the t-test.
Since our BrowseGraph contains different types of nodes photos  , users  , groups  , not only photos are ranked. Our goal is to use the computed BrowseGraph to rank entities inside Flickr.
From Table 5  , we can see that the user chooses " Like " on the movie Armegeddon and Reservoir Dogs  , which belong to Fiction and Adventure movies. To provide more comprehensive views of the interview Table 6  , we present the interview process for users in Netflix data set as well as the top-5 recommendations for them after the interview process.
The Flickr API allows for search of all photos with geotags in a certain region defined as a latitude/longitude bounding box  , which we use to obtain lists of users who posted photos taken in one of the five areas. In this paper we focus on correlating Yelp or Flickr to Twitter accounts  , thus for Flickr and Yelp SN area 2 datasets we do not strive to get such complete lists of users in each area as we do for Twitter.
Hence our method can gracefully handle the evolution of the vocabulary. Our method is based on the statistics of Flickr annotation patterns and our co-occurrence model can be incrementally updated when new annotations become available.
To study the effectiveness of the strategies proposed in the previous section  , we evaluate the QPRP in the context of subtopic retrieval  , employing the TREC 678 interactive collection with the subtopics judgements described in 9  , and the recent ClueWeb collection part B only  , along with the topics defined for the Web diversity track. It should also be noted that since the QPRP based methods do not require extensive parameter tuning like PT  , the KL and Pearson instantiations of the QPRP are highly competitive  , simple and attractive alternatives.
The red frames indicate the " noisy " images  , which do not show outdoor appearance of the places. We download from Flickr 151 ,193 City Hall Hotel *** Mosque *** Figure 3: Noisy dataset downloaded from Flickr.
As in our case  , their results indicated that meta-data was helpful in their Flickr event detection scenario. to textual data for clustering of social media documents e.g.  , Flickr images according to previously unknown real-life events.
A common characteristic of these models is to introduce user latent factors or/and product latent factors to solve the data sparsity issue. Factorization-based collaborative filtering approaches  , such as the regularized Singular Value Decomposition  , perform well on this competition  , significantly better than the Netflix own well-tuned Pearson correlation coefficient nearest neighbors algorithm.
In this work  , we consider the collection of geo-and timetagged photos on Flickr. These works include mapping the photos  , identifying places of interest  , predicting user travel behavior   , and itineraries planning.
The benefits of such collective efforts include improved search  , spam detection  , and personal organization. Answers  , or by generating their own tags  , as in Flickr.
Finally  , the Internet Movie Database IMDB was applied as knowledge base in this scenario. We left other occurrences of movie names in the documents  , e.g.  , that point to previous movies of actors.
We chose 30 topics with their relevance judgments provided by INEX IMDb 2011 2 . For each document  , we collected specific social signals via their corresponding API of 5 social networks listed in table 2.
Dalvi et al.  , 2011 Purdue IR In the entity list completion ELC task  , we leverage IR techniques to store the semantic data about entities and to retrieve the entities by Indri structured query retrieval language. They have submitted two runs  , by doing set expansion on the Web and on the Clueweb corpus.
We first examine location information in more detail. For evaluation  , we focus on matching accounts from the Yelp and Flickr GT area sets to the Twitter SN area 2
Flickr allows authorized users to add comments to private and family photos; for public photos  , all users are allowed to comment. Flickr Comment FC.
However  , they focused their attention on user explicit actions  , in particular on favorites. 2013  performed a similar study in Flickr also considering user behavior.
The main limitation of our method comes from the number of places that are sufficiently annotated in Flickr  , though existing metadata are already considerable more than 50 million geotagged photos and their volume is constantly growing around three million new photos each month. HomeAndAbroad experts consider that a visit always includes an interior tour of the attraction whereas Flickr visits are often limited to an exterior visits.
Frequently  , data on user preferences is in the form of ratings on an ordinal scale for example Netflix 1  where each user's interpretation of this scale may be different. In addition it is desirable that a recommender system can be applied flexibly in a wide variety of scenarios.
This paper makes the following contributions: 1. Our dataset is derived from Flickr.
Privacy. 169 experts vs. 500  , 000 potential neighbors in the Netflix database.
The dataset is processed as follows: a new ratings matrix denoted henceforth by R is constructed from 17  , 000 arbitrarily chosen movies. The original dataset contains more than 100 million datestamped ratings integers between 1 and 5 collected be- tween Nov. 11  , 1999 and Dec. 31  , 2005  , from about 480  , 000 anonymous Netflix customers on 17  , 770 movies.
As conjectured in 19  , noisy web collections could be a more discriminative testbed for dependence models. On ClueWeb-B  , statistical significance is attained for the two reported measures.
We evaluate the system using the ImageNet collection of 14 million images 2. Thus  , for each image  , a feature vector of 144 dimensions is stored in ADAM.
Unigrams were run over both the Class B dataset and later over the full English data set of ClueWeb. Unigram runs simply search the index with the modified query terms  , which undergo the same modifications as the indexed data  , as described in section 3.
Moreover   , by including negative weights  , a convergence cannot be guaranteed as the matrix is not stochastic. In a network  , where an object can be rated based on explicit rating such as IMDB  , Epinions  , etc.  , or where rating is derived as in the case of peer-to-peer networks   , the non-negativity can no longer be enforced.
The great majority of the users preferred additional rows of thumbnails over the original Flickr interface  79% against 9%  , 12% no opinion. Around half of them declared that they used Flickr " a few times a year " 52%  , and only 25% use it " a few times a month " .
In a number of cases  , multiple WordNet category entries are defined for a term.   , we have mapped Flickr tags onto the WordNet broad cate- gories 10 .
Film genre from imdb and skos combined. 6.
In the retail market  , individual purchase histories are used by recommendation tools to learn trends and patterns. Figure 1: Record Distribution of Netflix Users queries.
Because there are so many images  , and because people snap photos in similar circumstances and places as noted in 12  , Flickr and its ilk provide us with the capability of assembling test collections that we never could have gathered before. Flickr  , for example  , contains well over three billion images  , a substantial portion of which are public.
An example comparing ground truth snow cover data with the estimates produced by our Flickr analysis on one particular day December 21  , 2009 is shown in Figure 1. Using a dataset of nearly 150 million geo-tagged Flickr photos  , we study whether this data can potentially be a reliable resource for scientific research.
For the most part  , we used the high‐performance storage to store the ClueWeb collection and other input data  , then the local on‐node disk to build incremental indexes. They are connected to a high‐performance shared workspace  , have 250GB of local non‐shared temporary storage  , and access to petabyte‐scale archival storage.
The order displayed to the user was first descending by year and then descending by IMDb score. These partitions were held constant across users in the study.
Facebook and Flickr to an enormous audience. Nowadays  , with the wide proliferation of smartphones  , the world is being captured through millions of phone cameras  , and then displayed in images via Internet social applications e.g.
The 200 were sampled from a January 2009 query log  , which is roughly the same time that ClueWeb documents were crawled. To guarantee having 50 queries that were useable by NIST  , we sampled 200 queries from the usage logs of a commercial search engine.
In social networks such as YouTube  , Flickr and LiveJournal   , the nodes with high outdegree tend to have high indegree . We found that the assortativity coefficient r for Digg is −0.019.
Note that the Flickr analysis is sparse in places with few photographs  , while the satellite data is missing in areas with cloud cover  , but they agree well in areas where both observations are present. An example comparing ground truth snow cover data with the estimates produced by our Flickr analysis on one particular day December 21  , 2009 is shown in Figure 1.
The first one http://www.flickr.com/map/ supports a map-based interface in which search results are displayed on a map. For photograph searching  , Flickr supports two types of search.
To validate that Wikipedia's external links indeed correspond to official home pages  , we use the assessments of the 2009 TREC entity ranking task. We use the Clueweb category B  , consisting of 50 million English web pages as our test collection to find the external web pages.
Table 1 compares the effectiveness of Flickr and TagNSearch. They were also asked to provide qualitative feedback on the respective systems.
For multi-concept queries  , with α=0 the gain of ranking reaches 0.8 and 0.9 at top-6 in IMDB and Lyrics respectively. For top-5 results  , the gain of single concept queries increased to 0.9 in both datasets.
Flickr also permits users to tag photos created by others. Users can post photos on this site and annotate them with tags.
In the IMDb  , users enter various types of movie information  , including plot summaries  , keyword summaries  , actor listings and reviews. An interesting online social and collaborative resource holding such associations at scale is the Internet Movie Database IMDb.
We run our model on the Netflix-24k and BeerAdvocate datasets to verify that it better models the data. In the robustness tests below on the Amazon Electronics dataset  , we see a 99.12% acceptance rate.
Timing  , however  , is more powerful than language. We note that when we consider a higher than 10% FPR  , adding language to location can increase the TPR by 10% for Flickr to Twitter matching.
We consider a large movie ratings dataset released by Netflix as the basis of a well publicized competition 5. For the task of minimizing this metric  , we apply the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD algorithm   , where the learning rate is inspired by the AdaGrad algorithm of 7.
In summary  , the Flickr social structure exhibits properties that promise wide-spread dissemination of popular information throughout the network. The observed small-world network structure indicates that most Flickr users are separated by only a few hops and that information can be retrieved over short network paths 29.
Experiment 2. Hence  , among the three resources compared  , we conclude that Flickr is most suited for learning word2vec models for zero-shot image tagging.
The relatively high α-NDCG-W values for α=0 confirm the quality of the ranking function. For multi-concept queries  , with α=0 the gain of ranking reaches 0.8 and 0.9 at top-6 in IMDB and Lyrics respectively.
We presented a novel approach based on a characterization of the most salient tags associated with a sliding interval of time. We studied the problem of visualizing the evolution of tags within Flickr.
We crawl the images with GPS locations through Flickr API 1 . We evaluate the proposed models on Flickr dataset.
PageRank calculation was parallelized over 64 cores using Hadoop. We calculated PageRank 8  using the web graph information provided with the ClueWeb collection.
We considered the genre  , the actors  , and the director as our semantic spaces. We extracted the information needed to define the different semantic and emotion spaces from the IMDb website 6 .
The edge weight between two movies is the number of IMDB reviewers who have reviewed both the movies. In the case of movie recommendation we have considered movies as nodes in the social network.
The MediaEval Placing Task data set is a benchmark that tackles the same question we address in this work  , namely the estimation of the geographic location of an uploaded Flickr item. We rely on a publicly available Flickr data set for training: the MediaEval 2011 Placing Task data set 20 .
Examples of such sets of items are products in a web-based store  , movies and actors on the website IMDB  , pages on wikis  , and the tags used to describe blog posts in the previous example. Each data item in the basket is identified by some key  , a role usually served by a primary key in a relational database.
In Flickr  , people can find pictures through various mechanisms. Undoubtedly  , other mechanisms are also at play  , but studying their influence requires a richer data set and is beyond the scope of this paper.
From the result we can see that within the same training time  , DNS with the higher polynomial degree has a higher NDCG@5 performance  , and DNS has a faster convergency  , which indicates that our approach also has improvement on efficiency. BPR and DNS with different polynomial degrees against the real training time on Netflix.
The Pspam· and Ppr· PageRank score measures are used only for the ClueWeb-based settings as these information types are not available for the other settings. Waterloo's spam score is also used for the Pspam· measure that was described in Section 2.1.
The unimpressive results of PR justify the assertion that it is too general for use in topic-driven tasks due to its minimal exploitation of the topic context 16  , 23. This can be attributed to the structure of the WebKB corpus and the quality of the seed documents.
Datasets: We use the Wikipedia  , Flickr  , Epinions  , and Twitter social graphs. To simulate content dissemination  , we need realistic graph datasets  , and models for content generation and propaga- tion.
Flickr employs various means for its users to geo-reference or  , " geotag "  their photographs – most prominently  , Flickr supplies a map interface through which users can " drag " their photos to the map locations where the photos were taken. Our focus in this work is Flickr 7   , a popular photo-sharing website.
Our crawl contains approximately 231 ,000 nodes  , roughly 4 ,000 users  , 123 ,000 photos and 104 ,000 tags. We crawled a subgraph from the flickr network where people share personal photos and attach tags to photos.
The selection was done by using a stratified random sample on the movie popularity curve: we divided the 500  , 000 Netflix movies into 10 equal-density bins and random sampled 10 movies from each bin. We designed a web interface that asked users to rate 100 preselected movies.
In this Section  , we evaluate our approach on social images that are collected from Flickr. From the above comparisons  , we find that the graph cut based tag enrichment approach is satisfactory.
The Netflix domain has under 100 ,000 DVDs  , and Netflix users provide a large number of explicitly given ratings on the videos. The closest related studies have come from the Netflix challenge  , in which a system must recommend DVDs to subscribers based on their previous ratings 11.
The datasets are preprocessed to follow the TF-IDF weighting after cleaning and stopword filtering 18.  A web dataset containing about 50 million web pages  , randomly selected from the Clueweb collection distributed by 3.
Linking Out 2  , or linking the holding to other resources such as personal Flickr photos or Wikipedia articles  , through hyperlinks or textual pointers. 2.
Although many of the developed tools SHOE Knowledge Annotator  , MnM annotation tool  , and WebKB focus on HTML pages  , the CREAting Metadata for the Semantic Web CREAM annotation framework promises to support manual and semi-automated annotation of both the shallow and deep web through the development of OntoAnnotate 21. The annotation and Semantic Web communities have made great strides in developing semi-automated annotation tools to enhance searching for a variety of media.
To show the training overhead  , we show the time cost for hashing new users of the largest dataset Netflix in Table 3. We can also see that the performances drop of DCF caused by less training data is acceptable  , e.g.  , only 7% NDCG@10 drop as compared to the results obtained by original data.
We manually collected the gross box office revenue data for the 30 movies from the IMDB website 4 . We then extracted the title  , permlink  , free text contents  , and time stamp from each blog entry  , and indexed them using Apache Lucene 3 .
Only pages in the top 4 largest classes were used  , namely student  , faculty  , course and project. The WebKB dataset contains manually classified Web pages that were collected from the computer science departments of four universities Cornell  , Texas  , Washington and Wisconsin and some other universities misc.
For example  , when Instagram uploads to Flickr  , it can automatically tweet a pointer to the photo. Many third-party applications  , in particular on mobile devices  , allow users to automatically send updates to different sites simultaneously .
Figure 2bdepicts the distribution of the number of ratings per user and per expert. a b Figure 3 : Average rating per movie a and user b in Netflix and Rotten Tomatoes ing that only 1% of the positions in the user matrix have non-zero values.
The M inP robe scheduling outperforms BenP robe on INEX  , in terms of saving random accesses. Table 3shows that the conservative TopX method without probabilistic pruning  = 0 reduces the number of expensive random accesses by a factor of 50 to 80 compared to the StructIndex competitors on INEX  , and still by a factor of 4 to 6 on IMDB  , with very good rates of inexpensive sorted accesses.
For instance  , the well-known Netflix contest  , designed to procure improved algorithms for movie recommendations  , evaluated entries according to how well they predicted user preferences on a test subset of its user database  , with the algorithm that obtained the highest score being declared the winner. In contrast with more traditional settings  , however  , an increasing number of online contests procure innovations whose quality is evaluated and ranked via verifiable cardinal measurements.
The data contains about 375 ,000 movies and more than 1 ,200 ,000 persons actors  , etc. The Imdb setting used the data of the Internet Movie Database http://www.imdb.com to study our methods' performance on a combination of text and structured attributes .
For streaming video applications  , such as Youtube and Netflix  , this type of loss rate would negatively impact the user quality of experience and termination of download mid-stream triggering a client-sent RST is consistent with our findings of cause of failure. We find that for all three applications  , retransmission rates are higher for failed downloads than for successful downloads  , and on average   , failed flows experience 8.2-9.7% loss.
Instead  , it has a slide panel to display all the photographs returned by search. However  , Flickr does not show photographs belonging to each cluster separately.
For both Cite- Seer and Flickr results for Wikipedia are similar to that of Flickr we compute the Laplacian of the graph and then examine the top part of its eigenspectrum first 2000 eigenvectors. In this section we investigate the impact of topological simplification or sampling on the spectrum of the graph.
We obtain our F = 4096 dimensional visual features by taking the output of the second fully-connected layer i.e.  , FC7. This model implements the architecture proposed by 21 with 5 convolutional layers followed by 3 fully-connected layers and was pre-trained on 1.2 million ImageNet ILSVRC2010 images.
In both data sets users expressed a preference for retrieved documents based on a 1 to 5 rating scale. Both the MovieLens and Netflix corpora were reduced to approximately 5 ,000 unique users through uniform sampling  , giving 742 ,036 and 633 ,257 user judgments respectively.
The validation of photo locations by other users constitutes a useful particularity of this platform compared to other sites  , such as Flickr.  Panoramio  , a website for sharing georeferenced pictures  , is another source of exploitable information.
Figure 8agraphs the distribution of flow sizes for failed and successful flows for both Youtube and Netflix and Figure 8bshows the distribution of flow duration for failed and successful flows for the two applications. To assess how failure impacts user interaction with streaming video applications  , we study the distributions of flow size and flow duration for successful and unsuccessful Netflix and Youtube downloads using Tstat 1.
This is analogous to the Personal-Navigation model for search result personalization Teevan et al.  , 2011. The personalization model realizes that netflix has appeared twice in user's search history before and boosts it to position one.
Figure 4shows people completing task IMDB 2. Figures 4 and 6 show how it is the Way Edges  , rather than just the position on the page  , that guide the participants' attention.
For example  , under Clueweb dataset  , PSS1 is 1.2x faster than the baseline PSS while PSS2 is 2.74x faster than PSS. Result shows PSS2 contributes significant improvement compared to PSS1.
We observed that this decreased the ranking of the desired tuple in Art  , and increased the ranking of some other undesirable tuple sets; however  , this was corrected after subsequently training on a few other sites. We initially generated a wrapper for IMDb  , and then generated a wrapper for Art.
Modeling user interests is common practice for the construction of recommendation engines at e-commerce sites such as Amazon and Netflix. Such work includes 23  , which interpolates the current query with different chunks time periods of history browsed Web pages for personalized search  , and 25 ,31  , which construct user profiles from indexed desktop documents for search result re-ranking.
7 describe tag visualization techniques by using Flickr tags. Dubinko et al.
In this scenario  , only ImageNet-related features are required  , and none of the other sets of features contribute to more than 0.5% of samples. However  , when we add User Object Preferences  , prediction performance improves by 7-18% across all considered metrics Accuracy  , Precision  , Recall  , F1-Score.
Do popular pictures gather fans from different parts of the network or is their popularity limited to a certain region ? How widely does information spread in the Flickr social network ?
We conduct clustering experiments on eight data sets with three different types of link information including one set from DBLP1  , one in WebKBhttp://www.cs.cmu.edu/~webkb/  , two from CORA14  , and four others using pseudo link information Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Similarity links as pseudo links have proven to be useful for text summarization 6  , but their effectiveness in the setting of clustering is still unclear.
Evidently  , spam removal did not improve prediction quality over ClueWeb. We attribute this finding to the low quality of the collection statistics in a noisy Web setup that affects the estimation of the corpus language model.
The total number of Flickr images retrieved for a query #photos is compared with the number of geotagged images retrieved when reducing the search to a 1km radius of the true location. We chose on Flickr  , as one of the most widely used data sources in research and conducted an annotation study  , in which we investigated the positional Table 1: Annotation overview.
In Sections 4.1 and 4.2 we present experimental results for the Netflix and MovieLens data sets. Assumed-Density Filtering ADF can be used to give an on-line training method that can incrementally take account of new data so the system can immediately reflect the latest user preferences Section 3.3.
For the Movies table  , the selection conditions were defined on the attributes of release year  , runtime  , IMDB rank  , and number of votes. For IMDB  , we considered queries that ask for movies and actors that played in these movies  , that is  , the join condition is Movies.ID = ActorsInMovies.movieID.
5photosaday  , from the top 1000 most frequently occurring keywords. excellentphotographeraward  and Flickr groups e.g.
We have experimented with three datasets -the complete DBLP database  , IMDB the Internet Movie Database  , and a subset of the US Patent database. We used a single processor 2.4 GHz P4 HT machine with 1GB of RAM  , running Linux  , for our experiments .
We explored the more sophisticated measure of re-weighting " more reliable " authors as described earlier on the Netflix data. Filtering out anonymous reviews did not have a significant effect either positively or negatively  , but filtering out non-prolific authors removed a large amount of data in the merchant reviews  , making the model unable to score many pairs in the test set as an object was not rated at all in the filtered training data 5 .
The concept of One-Class Collaborative Filtering OCCF was introduced by Pan et al. Collaborative Filtering CF  , especially Matrix Factorization approaches  , have seen wide success at accurately modeling users' preferences  , perhaps most notably for the Netflix Prize 2  , 4  , 20.
By building upon that methodology Section 3  , we recreate the smellscapes of London and Barcelona. After creating a dictionary of smell-related words  , we matched those words with social media metadata e.g.  ,  Flickr and Instagram tags.
The open competition was held by Netflix  , an online DVDrental service  , and the Netflix Prize was awarded to the best recommendation algorithm with the lowest RMSE score in predicting user ratings on films based on previous ratings. We further compare MudRecS against the 20 systems that participated in the Netflix contest in 2008.
in del.icio.us  , and use them to extract additional information e.g. in Flickr or text e.g.
Moreover  , in the case of personalization  , performance is directly observable: each user can agree or disagree with their recommendations; while in ranking such a subjective domain there is no ground truth. recommender systems  , such as that in the Netflix Prize Bennett  , Lanning  , and Netflix 2007 relies heavily on user data and comparisons between users  , while finding an aggregate " one size fits all " ranking should still be reliable for users that are outliers or have no data available.
Outline: In Section2  , we briefly review existing studies for cold-start collaborative filtering. Experimental results on three benchmark recommendation data sets  , the MovieLens data set  , the EachMovie data set and the Netflix data set  , demonstrate that the proposed fMF algorithm significantly outperforms existing methods in cold-start recommendation.
As a tangible outcome of this work  , a large-scale set of relevance judgements towards the T11Crowd subset of Clueweb was created and is available to the research community. In summary  , we are convinced that alternative incentives besides the actual financial HIT reward can positively influence the outcome of crowdsourced data collection and annotation campaigns.
2 Since such data-sets may contain sensitive or person-specific data  , appropriate strategies are required to ensure individual privacy. California hospitals are required by regulation to publish certain demographic data 1   , or Netflix published their subscribers' movie rating and recommendation database for research purposes.
Directory data http://www.yahoo.com/. The two real hyperlinked collections used in our paper are WebKB data http://www.cs.cmu.edu/webkb/ and Yahoo!
When restricting the search geographically as described in Sec. For the query sistine chapel without any geographic restrictions  , Flickr returns nearly 30  , 000 images.
Answers and Naver. Social media services provide popular web applications such as photo sharing Flickr  , social bookmarking Delicious   , and video sharing Youtube  , and  , more recenlty  , popular community Question Answering sites such as Yahoo !
We used the latest Reverb ClueWeb Extractions dataset 8   , consisting of approximately 15 million facts annotated with a confidence score. However  , for the similarity computation module  , we implemented it as an asynchronous and multi-threaded application  , allowing us to exploit the multiple cores of a 8-core machine.
Modern home pages contain less relevant text and more pictures  , photos and animations  , making the full-text index less informative. Clueweb is crawled in 2009  , and in comparison to older test collections the full-text index performs much worse.
Left: collection statistics with respect to the query; Right: a stemmed word cloud summary restricted to microblog data from Twitter and Weibo a Chinese microblogging service  , and adding Flickr records. PrEV records with respect to " hawker " .
Weekly Distribution. For Netflix data set  , our methods perform privacy-preserving analytics and generate useful results on sample databases with less than 5% of the original data  , reducing the data storage requirement without compromising the utility of output analytics.
In the MIR Flickr dataset  , similar results are observed. This is the main motivation for introducing an adaptive teleportation process into the standard random walk for better voting.
Collecting and comparing  , in Section 2  , the characteristics of two datasets: the Netflix dataset 1 of usermovie ratings  , and the opinions collected from the web from over 150 movie critics experts. The contributions of this paper include: 1.
When external links are used to find homepages  , all Wikipedia results without external links to a page in the ClueWeb Category B collection are excluded from the ranking. The results of these runs can be found in Table 4.
Personalization is being used by most on-line service platforms OSPs such as search  , advertising  , shopping etc. For example  , we can apply it to movie recommendations by Netflix based on the personalized and vanilla ranked list of related movies presented when a user visits a particular movie page.
The system spends most of the time in the deduplication phase and the mapping from real URLs to clueweb ids. Thus the time to process a single topic with a configured corpus size of 16 was about 2 minutes without any parallelization.
Spalding proposes an informal " cocktail party " test where two books belong to the same work if two people casually talking about them think they are discussing the same thing even if they read the book in different languages or editions 6. This is similar to what is described in an Internet Movie Database IMDb record.
Similarity graphs of ClueWeb and YMusic are denser and Stage 1 can be too aggressive in making the light partitions absorb too much comparison computation. Stage 2 contributes about 4% for Twitter  , 12% in ClueWeb  , and 10% for YMusic .
Function J NMF defines a surface in the multidimensional space. The results show that the differences between NMF and PLSI are quite substantial for WebKB 24%  , and ranges between 1% to 8% in general cases.
The UM site was used frequently by two participants  , occasionally by eight participants and never by eight participants. The IMDb was used frequently by one participant  , occasionally by nine participants  , and never by eight participants.
We propose to design an ontology for personal photos  , since the vocabulary of general Web images is often too large and not specific to personal photos. The images corresponding to these labels in the ImageNet form the training data in the source domain.
Also the LLT heuristic gives teams of significantly larger size. For the IMDB dataset  , the set-cover heuristic produces solutions that dominate the LLT heuristic in terms of coordination cost and load.
Most of these commercial systems are based on Collaborative FilteringCF  , which is an effective recommendation approach with fundamental assumption that two users have similar tastes on one item if they have rated other items similarly 29  , 24. products  , some famous online shopping websites such as Amazon and Netflix have expanded their marketing success- fully 7  , 15.
Other studies on the structure of both del.icio.us and Flickr  , focusing on user activity  , tag frequency  , kinds and variability of tags  , among other aspects  , are presented in Golder and Huberman  , 2005 and Marlow et al.  , 2006. In fact  , Thomas Vander Wal 3 mentions these systems when distinguishing between broad and narrow folksonomies: in a broad folksonomy e.g.  , del.icio.us many users tag the same resource  , while in a narrow folksonomy e.g.  , Flickr only the creator of the resource tags it.
Clearly  , Flickr users do not form friendships based on their country of origin and country attribute in Flickr is not autocorrelated only 23% of the links are between users from the same country. The iterative collective classification attack   , CC  , performed slightly  , but not significantly  , better 28.6%.
In this study she gathered a set of similar images from flickr. Another closely related study by Marshall 10 examined how tags compared to other forms of user-generated metadata.
Flickr allows users to associate photos with multiple tags unstructured textual labels and with a location most commonly done by users " dragging " photos onto map locations where the photos were taken. Our focus in this work is Flickr 1  , a popular photo-sharing website.
As many data sources  , and in particular those being constructed as so-called Linked Open Data LOD  , are naturally organized around entities  , it would be reasonable to examine this problem in the context of entity retrieval. The issue of combining noisy textual material the Web with semi-structured data like Wikipedia or slightly more structured data sources like IMDB is however an interesting line of research.
Parallel time with two-stage assignment is about 23.2 hours for Twitter  , 14 hours for ClueWeb  , and 1.7 hours for YMusic respectively. shows the improvement percentage in parallel time using two-stage load assignment compared to the baseline circular assignment.
We then ran the queries with different configurations of our algorithm and pooled the results . For Flickr  , we collected 40 queries from other colleagues and randomly selected a fictious query initiator among the users in our Flickr crawl who used all query tags at least once on the same picture.
Location and time metadata is available for roughly fourteen million public Flickr photos at the time this paper was written. The data we use in this study consists of geotagged photos from Flickr and the associated tags.
Boxplots for each of the 60 topics are shown in Figure 3  , showing the performance range for each query. To investigate this further  , the performance achieved by each individual Flickr result was evaluated  , to check the maximum performance possible on the selection of a single Flickr image.
Research on collaborative filtering algorithms reached a peak due to the 1 million dollar Netflix movie recommendation competition. Thus the main idea is to use the behavior history from other like-minded users to provide the current user with good recommendations.
This is not surprising since the number of related feature-users pairs is much smaller than the number of unrelated feature-user pairs on these two data sets  , and thus the proposed new algorithm is expected to work better. Figure 2and Figure 3 show that the proposed new algorithm works better than the standard EM algorithm on the Netflix and MovieLens data sets.
The classifiers can be considered reliable enough for the subjectivity detection task which leads to the generation of subjective extracts micro-average F1 results on this data-set  , with a five-folding cross validation  , are 88.85 for NB and 88.68 for SVM. This data-set contains 5000 subjective sentences  , taken from RottenTomatoes 1 snippets   , and 5000 objective sentences  , taken from IMDb 2 plots.
Hence  , there is a need to extrapolate from these signals to build a more general preference model. For instance  , most Netflix users would have assigned ratings to only tens of movies  , as compared to the thousands of available movies.
Although these systems work well for items such as movies and books  , their underlying techniques are not applicable in the context of eyeglasses recommendation  , due to two reasons: First  , unlike movies or books  , the eyeglasses rating data and historical purchase data are hard to acquire. For example  , Netflix can recommend movies similar to those previously viewed by a user  , while Amazon can recommend goods for one based on ratings given by similar users.
In his free time  , he plays in small plastic boats and hacks on whatever's currently shiniest. Seth Fitzsimmonds  , Flickr: Seth is a Senior Engineer & Hacker at Flickr and the former lead developer of Fire Eagle a real time location brokering platform.
were collected by using the Flickr API. Additional data e.g  , information about the author  , associated tags  , license etc.
The other candidates were ranked lower in their respective original order. After personalization however  , the top-3 candidates were respectively: netflix  , nascar  , and northwest airlines.
Bottom The query frequencies of instagram and imdb according to Google Trends. The prefix was typed in private browsing mode and the snapshot was taken on Wed  , Jan 16  , 2013.
23  leveraged extended user browsing traces on the Flickr photo sharing platform to create a query independent image authority measure. With respect to images  , Trevisiol et al.
Comparing the entire ODP data to our learned folkonomies is impractical  , since there is a very large number of possible subtrees that can be compared. This proportion demonstrates that Flickr concepts somewhat overlap ODP in scope.
Features generated from Wikipedia search results  , CQA data and ClueWeb entity pair language models +Wiki+CQA+CL improve average F1 by 0.007 +1.4% compared to the base model  , adding entity linking using Wikipedia search results improves results even more +3%. As we can see  , additional date range filters and notable types model Aqqu+DF+T are responsible for an increased recall and a drop in precision compared to the baseline model.
The number of such geo-tagged images in Flickr has recently exceeded 100 million. Flickr 9  , a popular photo-sharing Web site  , enables users to tag their images with latitude and longitude and presents them on a map.
For IMDB  , we considered queries that ask for movies and actors that played in these movies  , that is  , the join condition is Movies.ID = ActorsInMovies.movieID. We used the IMDB data set and the three synthetic datasets.
The ClueWeb collection also contains a snapshot of the English Wikipedia  , which is very different in nature from the rest of the World Wide Web. This could be useful for generating a diverse results list.
Clueweb is crawled in 2009  , and in comparison to older test collections the full-text index performs much worse. Most differences can be attributed to the test collections.
Tables 4 and 5 indicate the running time of the four methods on the BlogCatalog and Flickr dataset  , respectively. In this case  , the number of features that can be extracted is dictated by time constraints.
Our experiments on the ClueWeb collection using two existing diversification frame- works 30  , 18 confirm that discarding the topic structure does not result in any significant loss in diversification tiveness. Thus  , it still explicitly models the user intents  , but it uses a weaker representation of them.
However  , to our best knowledge such approaches have not been used to suggest co-solvers. 11 develops a machine learning approach for leveraging content and social criteria in providing folksonomy-based recommendations  , especially on Flickr.
User enforced hierarchies created with tags separated by special characters accounts for a portion of the tag space. Their study of del.icio.us and Flickr tags found that a significant number of tags are misspelled.
Another possible reason for BM25L's extremely high retrieval performance with Gamma and Normal distribution on ClueWeb B is the shallow pool depth of this collection. One possible explanation is that it has lightest skewness among other 3 test collections that could be observed in Figure 3.
In this paper  , we provide a tensor decomposition-based Flickr group recommendation model by combining semantic data with social data. This research is supported by projects 863 No.2006AA010106  , 973 No.2007CB311007 and NSFC No.60703085.
Our paper contributes to this line of work  , and aims to provide an understanding of how content curation happens  , by collecting a large dataset of > 200K images from Pinterest  , and crucially  , leveraging the category of the pinboards of these images to infer implicit label annotations. This field has been well explored over the years  , but the availability of user-generated image data on social sites such as Flickr  , and annotated image databases such as ImageNet 6   , have enabled significant advances in the recent past  , answering relatively sophisticated questions such as what makes an image memorable 17  , interesting 10 or popular 21.
pages with the same normalized url. A topic can have more than one relevant home page  , because the Clueweb collection contains duplicate pages  , i.e.
service. We use the Flickr API as the underlying search provider for our NicePic!
The dataset contains 100 million ratings from 480 ,189 users and 17 ,770 movies. Our primary testing dataset is the ratings dataset from the Netflix contest.
Such an approach naturally captures legitimate differences of opinion content ratings are  , after all  , opinions  , and certain sites already provide personalized content ratings e.g.  , Digg 36  , Netflix 3. We take an alternate approach   , allowing a personalized aggregated rating for each identity.
In the next section  , we propose a technique to alleviate this problem. For instance  , when we executed the self-join algorithm on the the 4MB edgelist for the IMDB database described in Section 2 for K = 8  , the edge-list grew to about one gigabyte-250 times larger than the initial input!
If the user clicks on this image  , its corresponding page on Flickr will be opened. Once a thumbnail is selected  , its full image is displayed together with its title  , owner name and all its tags.
Though promising  , the network structure exploited in this combined model 9 is a virtual one  , constructed using the same evidence for learning latent factors. The neighborhood latent factor model 9 merged these two models and reported significant performance improvement on the Netflix data.
We located photos using IMDB and Google Image Search. The five photos showed two posters for the movie  , two images associated with important plot elements of the movie  , and one image showing the main actors.
By suggesting information from a huge volume of information pool that is likely to interest users  , recommender systems have become a promising tool to handle information overload in many online application scenarios like ecommerce e.g.  , Amazon  , Netflix  , social networks e.g.  , LinkedIn   , Fouthsquare and review sites e.g.  , Movielens  , Epinions   , to name a few 23. In Section 5 we conclude this paper and outline future research directions.
In the Netflix-48k dataset we analyzed the clustering in two different ways. In order to isolate the effects of the clustering mechanism and not the flexible distribution  , we use a Normal as our recommender distribution so that clusters are based only on vj.
Finally  , each shared object is placed into the appropriate positions in both hierarchies. We then created a set of X shared objects at random based on the representative distribution given by the 2410 objects from IMDb.
Factorization-based collaborative filtering approaches  , such as the regularized Singular Value Decomposition  , perform well on this competition  , significantly better than the Netflix own well-tuned Pearson correlation coefficient nearest neighbors algorithm. Research on collaborative filtering algorithms has reached a peak due to the 1 million dollar Netflix movie recommendation competition 4 .
From our training data described in Section 3.1  , the top two ranked features from courses were: " courses " and " office hours " . We also examined the top ranked features by expected entropy loss from the full-text of the WebKB dataset categories of courses and faculty.
For our experimental evaluation we selected about 500 pictures with animals on it from Flickr. The user interface was designed using strict XHTML and the jQuery library for dynamic elements like the slide controls.
For Reuter-21578  , we used a subset consisting of 10 ,346 documents and 92 categories. In our evaluation experiments  , we used two standard corpora: Reuter-21578 3 and WebKB 4.
While user usage varies  , this method of combining all user data for CF system performance analysis is a standard evaluation approach for CF systems ; notably  , RMSE over all combined ordinal user ratings was used for determining the winner of the Netflix prize 2 . 95% binomial proportion confidence intervals using the asymmetrical Wilson score interval method 18 are shown for the combined data for all users of each algorithm.
To quantitatively evaluate the energy functions  , we collect 1 ,200 images from ImageNet 4 from category soccer  , basketball and ball. Probabilities are organized into a tightly interrelated network which in return improves the prediction for each single node e.g.  , in the labeling with minimal energy  , Ball1 is correctly assigned as Basketball .
We also find frequent syntactic variations e.g. netflix  that could be trivially identified by other means such as matching the query string with the domain name of the clicked site.
We randomly select different percentages of links from the original network to construct networks with different levels of sparsity . We choose Flickr network as it is much denser than the Youtube network.
The relatively short time frame of one week compared to the existence of Flickr guarantees that for all photos  , there was roughly the same chance to obtain community feedback. In this way  , we obtained a total of 2.2 M photos in medium size from 185 k users note that this is just the subset of photos provided by the Flickr API  , the actual amount of uploaded photos during that time is larger.
2009  where all links are bidirectional . While Flickr does allow for one-way connections between uploaders and their contacts   , we follow Cha et al.
Incorporating images into our data set would provide a stronger visual expression of the event. In the short term we anticipate modifying the data collector to collect images from the Flickr website.
Traffic volume per hour was calculated by summing the total number of bytes per hour; the number of HTTP requests per hour was calculated by summing the total number of HTTP requests per hour. In Figure 6 we show the daily traffic volume and web requests generated by Instagram  , Netflix  , and Youtube over a two-week period which we verify as representative of the entire sampling period note the different y-axis scales.
The released training data consists of 100 ,480 ,507 ratings from 480 ,189 users on 17 ,770 movies. The Netflix data are collected representing the distribution of ratings Netflix.com obtained during a period of 1998- 2005.
Research on model-based CF reached a peak in the Netflix movie recommendation competition where a matrix factorization-based CF approach such as SVD is used to learn the model. Well known model-based CF include Bayesian belief netsBNs CF models 2  , 14  , 20  , latent factor models 6 and clustering CF models 18.
Since one of the claims of semantic search is that it can help general purpose ad-hoc information retrieval on overeaters ananymous imdb batman returns aloha sol the longest yard sale sacred heart u sagemont church houston tx david suchet NAACP Image Awards mr rourke fantasy island old winchester shotguns la scala restaurant philadelphia the quick lift We have selected a sample of 42 entity-queries from the Yahoo! First  , although the search engine logs of various semantic search engines were gathered  , it was determined that the kinds of queries varied quite a lot  , with many of the query logs of semantic search engines revealing idiosyncratic research tests by robots rather than real-world queries by actual users.
When looking at the expert data  , the average std per user is 0.2 with small variability. The std per user Figure 4b is centered around 0.25 for the Netflix data with larger variability than in the per movie case.
The preprocessing dubbed " cleaning "  of the Category " B " ClueWeb data took approximately 1705 CPU hours to compute. Multiple jobs  , each with multiple Lucene threads  , were needed to complete our indexing.
We refer to the identity for whom we are calculating the aggregate rating as the collector. Such an approach naturally captures legitimate differences of opinion content ratings are  , after all  , opinions  , and certain sites already provide personalized content ratings e.g.  , Digg 36  , Netflix 3.
For the purpose of our analysis  , we consider uploaders as fans of their pictures by default. Finally  , Flickr users cannot mark the pictures they uploaded as favorites.
This dataset gives ratings about 480 ,189 users and 17 ,770 movies. Netflix dataset contains more than 100 million datestamped movie ratings performed by anonymous Netflix users between Dec 31  , 1999 and Dec 31  , 2005.
For WebKB dataset we learnt 10 topics. For SRAA dataset we learnt 10 topics on the complete dataset and labeled these 10 topics for all the three classification tasks.
To find connections   , we then compared the CQA links with two subsets of ClueWeb09 pages  , namely Category A CatA and Category B CatB  , which contain approximately 500M and 50M English documents  , respectively. Connecting CQA and ClueWeb.
Results point to structural peculiarities that differentiate browsing graphs from other complex graphs like social and similarity networks.  We analyze the connectivity patterns of a large BrowseGraph extracted from Flickr.
For the problem of recommendation with signed social networks  , signed social networks among users are also available in addition to the user-item matrix R. A signed social network G can be decomposed into a positive component Gp and a negative component Gn. For example  , in rating systems such as Epinions and Netflix  , scores denote rating scores from users to items; in tagging systems such as Slashdot and Flikcr  , scores indicate whether users are associated with tags.
The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. WebKB.
Performance is measured using the classical Recall measure  , considering IMDB recommendation as benchmark. The proposed algorithm is compared with pure content based method considering equal weights for all features and IMDB recommendations.
Specifically   , we use Decaf 11 to extract features from the layer just before the final 1000 class classification layer  , resulting in a feature of 4096 dimensions. In this paper  , we use the recently popular 'ImageNet network' 32 trained on 1.3 million images from the ImageNet 7  challenge 2012.
We use the full dataset that contains 480 ,189 users  , 17 ,770 items and 100 ,480 ,507 ratings. Netflix: This is the classic movie rating dataset used in the Netflix challenge 5 .
Recommendation systems have attracted a lot of attention in the past decade and have been successfully deployed in many e-commerce websites  , such as Amazon and Netflix . Collaborative filtering 4  , 9
Through this process  , we extract two types of visual features: 1 Deep neural network features from the layer right before the final classification layer. As described above  , we train the Caffe library 18 using 1.3 million images annotated with 1000 ImageNet classes 6 and apply it to classify Pinterest images.
Restricted Boltzmann Machines RBM's 24 have been successfully used in the Netflix prize and could be seen as some form of nonlinear model since the activation functions of the units typically are of nonlinear form sigmoid  , tanh etc. Factor models in Collaborative Filtering been shown to perform well in terms of predictive accuracy and scalabil- ity 2  , 13  , 23  , 8  , 30.
The number of favorites has often been used as an evaluation baseline in Flickr photo ranking 26  as it is the most explicit indication of preference and the scores can easily be aggregated. We compare the top 1 ,000 Flickr photos ranked using five different importance scores  , specifically: The selected methods include a fairly general selection of explicit Favorites  , implicit Views  , Time and centralitybased ranking techniques Page/BrowseRank.
Table 1lists the log-likelihood of Epinions and Flickr for all of the comparison partners. As discussed in 10  , using the likelihood of the real data is an objective measure for comparing alternative models.
The result is massive collaboration in content production and consumption. Notable examples are Wikipedia 20  , which allows collaborative authoring  , Flickr 21  , which is a photo sharing website  , and Digg 10  , which allows democratic editorial control.
Tables 1 and 2 show fragments of tables for the movies database IMDB  , www.imdb.com and bibliographical database DBLP  , dblp.uni-trier.de. Keyword query interfaces for KVSs must spot the most relevant table to the query and find the most related tuples  in the table.
What incentives do aggregators have ? If one believes in the phenomena of the long-tail that explains the success of Amazon and Netflix  , then it seems reasonable to posit that increasingly specialized aggregators e.g.  , Indian Immigrant children will keep appearing.
Our choice of parameter settings is guided by analytical results and minimal knowledge about the data sets and thus might not be optimal. The default settings of parameters are summarized below: the overall privacy = 1  , the sampling parameter d for HPA popularity estimation d = min |T k |  , the sampling parameter l = 10 for Gowalla  , Foursquare  , and Netflix and l = 30 for MovieLens.
The details of this system are described in Section 4; the database contains the IMDB subset referring to 1997 films. To illustrate the effect of this query  , it is worthwhile to jump ahead a bit and show the results on our implemented prototype.
It is noticed that Clueweb has also been used in distributed environment  , albeit in a different problem setting 21. More statistics information of this dataset is given in Table 1.
However  , in a realworld truth discovery problem there are often millions of facts e.g.  , those provided by Wikipedia or IMDB  , and thus there are often millions times millions edges in the graph  , which makes it impossible to materialize and store the matrices and . The iterative procedure presented above converges to the optimal solution and avoids computing matrix inverse.
We first describe the dataset used to create the World Explorer visualization. Finally  , we had users interact with the Flickr integrated map system to see how users react to that system in similar conditions i.e.  , similar tasks.
This can be explained by the tagging motivations of users. From the CCDF plots  , we observe that the ratio of the user-resource pairs with x = 1 on Twitter 90% is much larger than that of Flickr and Delicious 10%  , which is also shown by the plateaus on Flickr and Delicious in the upper figures.
We first create a dataset containing tweets about items of four popular web applications in completely different domains: IMDb movies  , YouTube Video clips  , Goodreads books  , and Pandora musics. To answer these questions  , we focus on the problem of detecting the tweets with positive engagement.
Within the full ClueWeb dataset  , Wikipedia is the main contributor of relevant documents for Web track queries. Each track has provided 50 queries based on which we build the new testbed.
when IMdb or Amazon are either source or target dataset  , where MAP areFigure 7: Retrieval performance between source dataset S and target dataset T. Looking at the different retrieval settings  , we can see that ERM performs best between IMdb and Amazon i.e.
However  , before doing so  , we need to ascertain whether those activity features are reliable . To answer the five research questions  , we need to derive suitable Flickr and Foursquare activity features.
In addition to visual features  , the textual annotation of images available in Web 2.0 folksonomies such as Flickr can provide additional clues on the attractiveness of photos. Unattractive " photos  , on the other hand  , are often about family occasions e.g.  , birthday  , wedding  , family  , dad as well as other private events and activities graduation   , party  , weekend  , trip  , camping which are of importance for a small circle of friends and family members but less interesting for a larger community of Flickr users; furthermore   , the technical quality of some of these photos might be affected by their amateur character.
We considered four popular web applications in our experiments: IMDb  , YouTube  , GoodReads  , and Pandora. To be able to cope with imbalanced data  , we modified the logistic loss function in the mutli-task learning methods by adding an instance weighting matrix to its formulation.
We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed system for recommending movies in Internet Movie Database IMDB 1. But none of these talks about producing recommendation to a user without getting her preferences.
in 9 leveraged the community-contributed collections of rich media Flickr to automatically generate representative views of landmarks. Kennedy et al.
examine different patterns of success for the photos Cha  , Mislove  , and Gummadi 2009. On Flickr  , Cha et al.
Section 6 provides a detailed overview of the facet ranking process. All existing facets are ranked using the latest query logs from image search and the Flickr data.
For that purpose  , we automatically created a gold standard by mining structured data from the IMDb web site. In a second experiment  , we evaluated the scalability of our approach by using larger samples.
10 different relevance models are constructed  , one from each document in the top 10 results. UamsAwebQE10: full ClueWeb text index.
To evaluate the results  , it is necessary to define the ground-truth region  , which is from Wikimapia with manually annotated regions by amateurs. 574K photos for Manhattan and 227K photos for Taipei from Flickr.
Our metrics for the performance is the high-precision at document level  , which is the percentage of the number of relevant documents in the final merged ranked list. For each query  , we use ReDDE to select the top 5 sources for TREC123  , TREC4-Kmeans and ClueWeb-Wiki.
It is sometimes the case that an affiliate profile does not have a specific handle name – for instance   , Netflix uses " Netflix " as its official profile's handle name 10   , but does not provide one for its Latin American affiliate 11 . This substitution greatly impacts on the normalized edit distance scores in BL.
Recently  , recommender systems have become an effective tool for information retrieval  , and has played an important role in many popular web services  , such as Amazon  , YouTube  , Netflix  , Yahoo! Finally we summarize our research contributions in Section 6.
For ClueWeb  , the uniform layers detect 2.6x as many dissimilar pairs compared to the non-uniform layers. The uniformsized layers yields better results.
These words do not predict the class student semantically. Table 10shows top ten most informative words for each class in the WebKB dataset  , selected using Information Gain.
2 We then replaced entities by a unique identifier and indexed the documents using the Indri toolkit 3 resulting in 10 indexes one for each part of ClueWeb Cat A. Removing entities with frequency lower than 5  , replacing diacritics and removing entities longer than 128 characters  , left us with 148 million entities .
We use two kinds of ontologies from two real datasets: DBLP http://dblp.uni-trier.de/xml/ and IMDB http://www.imdb .com/interface. In the experiments  , we evaluate the accuracy of our ranking model  , Semantic Search Rank SSR   , in comparison with existing methods RQR 5 and HAS 3.
Moreover  , we need to get the word out that data scientists work in many fields—from determining the best content to deliver for Netflix  , to helping the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention track flu epidemics  , to helping retailers determine how to market to customers. This is especially important in primary and secondary school  , when students are evolving their STEM skills and developing professional interests.
We evaluated the algorithm using two movie ratings data sets: EachMovie 1 and Netflix 2 . proportion of nonzero entries of the EachMovie and Netflix data sets are 6.1% and 6.6% respectively.
To investigate this further  , the performance achieved by each individual Flickr result was evaluated  , to check the maximum performance possible on the selection of a single Flickr image. The best performing Flickr result was for Topic 15  , with MAP 0.1255; 11 topics had a maximum performance greater than 0.02  , suggesting that while the average performance across all Flickr images is poor  , there are images that perform better than the average.
On Netflix dataset  , we test the transformation time for CFN objective with 40 dimension. 4.4  , in this section we conduct a case study of MPQ vs ITQ  , to see how the learning process of ITQ brings extra computational burden to preference ranking.
Additionally  , the IMDb site also offers some information in semi-structured form  , such as date and place of birth or death. Having been written by thousands of people  , it is reasonable to expect that biographies reflect different writing styles  , rendering this corpus particularly interesting for the proposed analysis.
Although Flickr cannot provide us with accurate tags to image content  , we can mine a set of semantic words frequently used in personal photos by common users and collect them into this ontology. To obtain the ontology  , we explored the semantic distributions in the domain of personal photos by mining frequent tags from active users in Flickr.
This is because the top query interpretations returned by ranking already deliver distinct results. For single concept queries on IMDB  , we did not observe any difference between ranking and diversification the lines Rank sc and Div sc almost overlap in all diagrams of the Figure 2a.
Sites like Funny or Die blur the distinction further  , as homemade videos vie with professionally-made web series for audiences' attention; in fact  , this blurring is sometimes purposeful  , as amateur videos aspire to be mistaken for professional videos and vice-versa. A popular amateur video on YouTube or Vimeo may have cost little to produce  , and may garner as many views as a movie or TV series that cost millions to make and is available through a for-pay subscription service like Netflix or Hulu.
There are currently over 121 million geo-tagged photos on Flickr while there were only 40 million as reported by 13 in 2008. Also  , the taken time was automatically recorded into the photo metadata .
We conduct extensive experiments on large scale datasets from two very different social systems -Twitter and Flickr-to demonstrate the efficacy of our approach. 3.
Thus  , the predicate itself isn't related to the question  , but nevertheless  , the name of the ship HMS Beagle is mentioned multiple times in the web search results  , and entity pair model computed from ClueWeb also has high scores for the terms " ship " and " world " . Typical examples are questions asking for a list of movies  , books  , landmarks  , the Charles Darwin entity through the " knownFor " predicate along with some other entities like Natural selection.
Factorization-based collaborative filtering approaches 4  , 11  , 28  , 23  , such as the regularized Singular Value Decomposition performed well on this competition  , possibly better than Netflix's own well-tuned Pearson correlation coefficient algorithm. Research on collaborative filtering algorithms reached a peak due to the 1 million dollar Netflix movie recommendation competition 1.
WebKB 27  uses conceptual graphs for representing the semantic content of Web documents. The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is rather a little helper like our earlier OntoPad 12  , 5 than a full fledged annotation environment.
Ownership conflicts are common: who can legitimately post a picture on Flickr  , the photographer who took the photo  , or the photo's subject ? First  , we are probing respondents' attitudes about the ownership of visual material.
We determine the effectiveness of our algorithm in relation to semi-supervised text classification algorithm proposed in 5 NB-EM. We randomly split SRAA and WebKB datasets such that 80% is used as training data and remaining 20% is used as test data.
For our experiments  , we used the Lemur toolkit version 4.12 to index and search the ClueWeb category B dataset. The experiments carried out by RMIT University investigated a simple strategy of joining query terms across a session  , as well as the use of Google suggested queries and whether these can improve the quality of a search result list.
In Figure 3  , we look at the distribution of different series across different clusters. In the Netflix-48k dataset we analyzed the clustering in two different ways.
For example  , in horizontal recommendation lists e.g.  , Netflix it is likely that the best items should be placed in the middle of the list rather than at the edges. Furthermore  , in recommendation scenarios it is possible that the best item should not be placed in the first position but rather in a different location depending on the specific layout.
Thus the proposed method agrees well with IMDB recommendation and in this regard it outperforms pure content based method. Where as  , the pure content based method achieves a recall of 0.24 with IMDB.
Similar observation can also be made with Gamma distribution   , which leads to a 130% improvement. In contrast  , on ClueWeb B  , it provides an MAP that is as high as 0.6340  , which is 173% higher than the BM25 baseline  , even if its parameter b is optimized.
To test that  , we see how the previous correlation between safety and photo@night changes depending on the number of Flickr photos on each street. One might now wonder whether those results are observed only for Flickr-data-rich streets.
A grid is placed over the world map which results in equally sized cells. In 21 the tags assigned to images on Flickr are exploited.
They share  , find  , and disseminate content at a massive scale. Users of websites like MySpace   , Flickr  , and Facebook create networks of friends.
We have collected 1 ,000 ,000 images and associated 200 ,000 tags from Flickr as the database. To depress this kind of noise  , we adopt a simple and effective method by removing the tags that appear less than
In ideal circumstances  , image similarity algorithms could be applied to identify candidate photos. Or  , if all Flickr photos were geotagged  , location information could be used to retrieve a smaller set of potentially relevant photos to evaluate.
Collaborative Filtering CF  , especially Matrix Factorization approaches  , have seen wide success at accurately modeling users' preferences  , perhaps most notably for the Netflix Prize 2  , 4  , 20. One-Class Collaborative Filtering.
This problem   , often referred to as the Netflix problem  , has generated a flurry of research in collaborative filtering  , with a variety Copyright is held by the International World Wide Web Conference Committee IW3C2. Given users' ratings of movies or products  , how can we model a user's preferences for different types of items and recommend other items that the user will like ?
After stop-word removal and stemming  , we end up with a size of 197×5328×4064 tensor and over 0.9 million nonzero entries. We use Flickr API to gather data about users  , tags and groups.
The four attributes are summarized in Table 8. From the IMDB  , we have produced a dataset that contains over 161K entries and four attributes.
We used the IMDB data set and the three synthetic datasets. We implemented the algorithms for the case where we relax only selection conditions  , namely JoinFirst JF  , PruningJoin PJ  , PruningJoin + PJ +   , and SortedAccessJoin SAJ.
All of the lexicon terms were scored with positive and negative values  , which facilitated their participation in the polarity subtask. Indiana's training data consisted of TREC 2006's opinion finding relevance data supplemented by the external IMDB movie review data  , both of which were used to tune their opinion scoring and fusion module in an interactive system optimisation mechanism called the Dynamic Tuning Interface.
Accordingly  , it can feature the use of search engines  , sites that collate specific types of information such as Yell and IMDB  , and sites from which one can turn to in search of a particular type of content  , such as child-friendly information. This mode of use is not routine and tends to involve seeking out new content.
information to online resources. Hence  , tag recommendation method suitable for photos in Flickr or other online resources may not be directly applicable for hashtag recommendation for tweets.
To objectively evaluate the performance of group recommendation   , we randomly select 50 images from our Flickr collection. After recommending the potential groups  , users can select the preferred groups from the recommended ones.
We used a collection IMDb documents provided by INEX 1 . The document URL is given by the following syntax: http : //www.imdb.com/title/{id}/ Table 2 presents the social signals that we take into account in order to estimate each social property.
While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results .
We joined the two datasets in order to exploit the user feedback in the form of movie ratings from Netflix and the RDF structure schema of DBpedia. This dataset gives ratings about 480 ,189 users and 17 ,770 movies.
In total  , considering the soundtracks of all these movies  , 265 ,376 song tags could be found. For our current work  , we crawled 22 ,357 unique IMDb movies with plot descriptions  , which had at least one soundtrack song with a last.fm tag associated to it.
The list of contacts for each user is publicly visible in Flickr  , and we used the Flickr API to reduce the necessary bandwidth for crawling. In this way  , we collected a " snowball" sample of the Flickr social network .
In traditional RecSys settings where the entities are users and items e.g.  , the famous Netflix competition 5  forming a matrix of users by items  , the main goal is to predict or recover missing values in this matrix – if we treat existing ratings as observed values and non-existing ratings as missing values of the matrix. We can average it across all users  , resulting in the Mean Average Precision MAP measure.
The Flickr web service is hosted in Sunnyvale  , California  , and our mashup server was hosted in New Haven  , Connecticut. In order to test the speed of these three approaches  , we built an automated timing framework in JavaScript that measured the time to load the initial page and the time to download the latest list of kittens from Flickr.
These web crawls have been used at TREC to evaluate ad hoc retrieval and other Web search tasks. The ClueWeb collections are some of the largest document collections used for research.
On Flickr users can favorite pictures that they find appealing. On Facebook  , users can like various types of items such as pictures or videos.
The performance of recommender systems is evaluated by how accurately a system can predict these values. In traditional RecSys settings where the entities are users and items e.g.  , the famous Netflix competition 5  forming a matrix of users by items  , the main goal is to predict or recover missing values in this matrix – if we treat existing ratings as observed values and non-existing ratings as missing values of the matrix.
Research on collaborative filtering algorithms has reached a peak due to the 1 million dollar Netflix movie recommendation competition 4 . Examples are Probabilistic Latent Semantic Indexing PLSI 14  , Flexible Mixture Models 30  , Decoupled Models 16   , Multiple Multiplicative Factor Model 21  , etc.
Hence  , tag recommendation method suitable for photos in Flickr or other online resources may not be directly applicable for hashtag recommendation for tweets. Though tag co-occurrence has been used to recommend tags for many online resources e.g.  , photos in Flickr 11  , co-occurrence of hashtags in Twitter is intrinsically different from most others due to the length constraint of tweet.
Similarity computation can be viewed approximately as a Figure 15: Speedup of PSS2 for processing 20M Twitter and 40M Clueweb with varying numbers of cores. We also assess the individual task performance in utilizing the CPU resource by collecting its megaflops rate and compare it with the peak megaflops rate when vectors are dense.
Web search results +Web+CQA+CL turned out to be more helpful than Wikipedia results +Wiki+CQA+CL  , which is natural since Wikipedia is a subset of the web. Features generated from Wikipedia search results  , CQA data and ClueWeb entity pair language models +Wiki+CQA+CL improve average F1 by 0.007 +1.4% compared to the base model  , adding entity linking using Wikipedia search results improves results even more +3%.
For the Imdb setting  , the precision figures were worse  , one reason being that Genre scores had a major influence on the overall ranking and the small number of different values led to a fairly discontinuous score distribution with big gaps and many ties  , causing some inaccuracy of probabilistic predictions. Prob-con and Prob-pro achieved nearly 90 percent precision and the same recall for the Gov setting.
For services that provide developer APIs  , we found it easy to implement proxies  , as we could simply bridge between the services' REST or SOAP functions and our associated MSI functions. Mail  , Flickr  , YouTube  , and Google spreadsheets.
We see sparse activity within every group of photos – for example  , Flickr does not contain photos tagged Golden Gate Bridge for every day since January 1  , 2004. While Flickr popularity is rising   , the number of geo-referenced photos is still relatively low.
The author name information is available for this set enabling comparison with query dependent features. We primarily trained our classifier on the DBLP dataset since the instances here are more general than that of WebKB and negative instances were unavailable for Eprints.
Photographs uploaded to image sharing websites such as Flickr 1 often contain few or no tags  , making effective retrieval difficult . With the amount of multimedia data rapidly increasing  , it becomes important to organize this content effectively.
We conclude and show directions of our future work in Section 6. In Section 5 we provide the results of the evaluation of our automatic attractiveness detection methods for classification and ranking of photos in Flickr.
Stopwords are removed and terms are stemmed using the Krovetz stemmer. For both the Entity Ranking and Web Tracks we only used the category B of the ClueWeb collection  , and Indri 6 for indexing.
As seen in Table 2where smaller predictive probability is better  , CoBaFi fits the data much better than BPMF for both Netflix-24k and BeerAdvocate. As explained before  , we want to measure the fit of our model so we use average predictive probability.
Understanding how to leverage these entity annotations embedded in text to improve ad hoc document retrieval is an open research area. For example  , Google's FACC1 data set 3 contains entity annotations for all documents in the ClueWeb collection.
To this end  , we examined an IMDB movie review dataset along with the corresponding daily box office revenues  , and conducted several preliminary experiments to evaluate the correlation between the candidate factors and the sales performance. In order to develop an effective model for sales performance prediction   , we must first identify the important factors involved.
AP 1 represents a Netflix-type of application that is more sensitive to delay and has a high maximum rate α1 = 10 Mbps; however  , AP 2 represents a Google-type of query application that is less sensitive to delay. Figure 1 illustrates the throughput of two APs with parameters α1  , β1 = 10  , 1.0 and α2  , β2 = 6  , 0.1 under varying service qualities  , interpreted as network delays in this case  , along the x-axis.
In this paper  , a new feedback model  , TF-PRF  , is proposed by incorporating three different term frequency transformation methods into the classic Rocchio's model. ClueWeb.
To understand the properties of the models  , we evaluate the systems' ability to recover the original coordinates assigned to a random sample of held-out Flickr photos. The models are built on the tag sets from public Flickr photos .
The analysis is performed automatically based on Word- Net categories. In 18   , the authors focus on a subset of Flickr pictures and analyze the different tag categories used by users to annotate their pictures.
Copyright 2013 ACM 978-1-4503-2077published more than 18 ,000 photos organized in 24 sets on Flickr Commons 1 . JCDL'13  , July 22–26  , 2013  , Indianapolis  , Indiana  , USA.
First  , researchers adopted Simon Funk's 7 singular value decomposition algorithm SVD due to its accuracy  , efficiency  , and ease of implementation 8. During the Netflix Prize  , two trends emerged in recommender systems re- search 3.
Figure 6includes a detailed comparison of the accuracy and coverage of the expert-CF experts line and NN-CF neighbors methods as a function of the similarity threshold. Using the Netflix users as neighbors  , we measure a MAE of 0.704 and 92.9% coverage when the δ = 0.01 and τ = 10 see summary in Table 1 5 .
This organic system of organization is also called " folksonomy " . Delicious   , Flickr.
In this paper we learn to optimize an ordered combination of K items without ranking items one against the other. For example  , in horizontal recommendation lists e.g.  , Netflix it is likely that the best items should be placed in the middle of the list rather than at the edges.
We evaluate all approaches on the two datasets using Normalized Mutual Information NMI and F 1 -measure F. In particular we describe how the last.fm and upcoming datasets have been derived from Flickr.
8 predicted the IMDb movie ratings by analyzing their popularity on social media  , namely Youtube and Twitter. More recently  , Oghina et al.
We want to directly compare the results from Wikipedia against results from the rest of the Web. The ClueWeb collection also contains a snapshot of the English Wikipedia  , which is very different in nature from the rest of the World Wide Web.
For Flickr  , we collected 40 queries from other colleagues and randomly selected a fictious query initiator among the users in our Flickr crawl who used all query tags at least once on the same picture. They then suggested 28 queries related to the books they tagged.
The system extracts representative tags for an area based on the photographs' tags. In World Explorer 17   , tags associated with geo-tagged photographs derived from Flickr are analyzed and displayed in a map-based visualization tool.
searching with the term " netflix " to reach the site netflix.com. With a navigational query  , the user's need is to reach a particular site  , e.g.
Except for Mbox  , most algorithms performed comparably on non-friend recommendations. While user usage varies  , this method of combining all user data for CF system performance analysis is a standard evaluation approach for CF systems ; notably  , RMSE over all combined ordinal user ratings was used for determining the winner of the Netflix prize 2 .
Our primary testing dataset is the ratings dataset from the Netflix contest. We run our algorithms on data from a variety of domains.
Additionally  , as users tend to annotate Flickr images with a small number of popular tags 11  , there is a lower topic coverage on Flickr in comparison to the vast amount of content and coverage of tweets and users on Twitter. Further  , other issues exist with relying on Flickr data for tag recommendation purposes; batch tagging functionality where users can tag multiple images with a single tag set allows a single user to have overriding influence over the content of a tag co-occurrence matrix and ultimately the tag recommendations computed from this.
Clustering approaches have been recently applied to social media data  , for example for grouping Flickr data into clusters of pictures describing the same event. One obvious candidate for organizing the content according to topics are clustering approaches.
We examined the growth patterns in the 30 most popular pictures in Flickr. To understand patterns in the evolution of picture popularity  , we focused on the pictures with the most number of fans.
Figure 2 top compares the likelihood of instagram and imdb among different demographics of users according to Yahoo! The question we are addressing in this work  , is how this ranking can be further improved if there are some additional information available about the user.
In analyzing movies data  , we used the Netflix Prize dataset. A summary of the datasets can be found in Table 1.
These findings are derived from Figure 4where the above three numbers are plotted. – Suspicious user accounts: there are much more users with suspicious behaviors than those on Flickr and De- licious.
In comparison   , 32.3% of Youtube downloads fail  , and Instagram video downloads experience a failure rate of 31%. We find that Netflix has the highest failure rate of all  , with 75.0% of video downloads ending in a failure.
Refining the query to " netflix.com " does not solve the problem  , and further refinements lead to unusual queries that can seem unrealistic. For example  , the top search results for " netflix " indicate that this is often a navigational query the top two results are the Netflix home page and login page  , but it could also be used to search for information about the company.
After you have viewed the web-page  , please close the new window / tab and return to the ClueWeb search results. Please only view the content on that web-page and do not click on any links on that web-page.
The low correlation may also arise because any web user can view a Flickr picture  , but users need to register with Flickr and login to favorite-mark or comment on pic- tures. The low correlation between the number of view and fans could indicate that users find many of the pictures they view uninteresting.
The second element in our dataset is the set of tags associated with each photo. The time tp generally marks the photo capture time  , but occasionally refers to the time the photo was uploaded to Flickr.
Because Flickr stems the terms  , but does not correct the spelling  , I included some common misspellings heal for heel  , e.g. Some queries avoided slang terms that referred to the bull testicles; others included colloquialisms.
After sampling a 8M ClueWeb dataset  , 49 words with document frequency above 200 ,000 are excluded in web page comparison and the sequential time is shortened by 11x. For example  , the bottom row of Table 2  , marked as " df-limit "   , lists the sequential time on an AMD core after removing features with their vector frequency exceeding an upper limit proposed in 19.
However  , there are some differences between digital library recommendation and traditional E-commerce recommendation 3. Today  , the most well known approach of building a recommender system is to use the collaborative filting CF recommendation algorithm  , such as GroupLens 1   , MovieLens 2   , Netflix 3 and Amazon 4 .
 The Wikipedia++ Collection is an extension of the Wikipedia collection with information on movies derived from the Internet Movie Database IMDB. However  , a deeper analysis of the effects of parameter choices is beyond the scope of this paper.
We first note that usernames alone achieve 77% TPR for matching accounts from Flickr to Twitter. Table 3also shows the average TPR at 1% FPR for matching accounts from Flickr to Twitter and from Yelp to Twitter based on usernames.
There are some other processes like extracting text from web page  , stemmer  , removing stop words and so on. In order to improve the efficiency of indexing and retrieval  , we use a Hadoop cluster which consists of 10 PC to preprocess the Clueweb corpus.
In Section 3 we present the features of our Flickr dataset and we describe how we extract user session information. In Section 2 we discuss related work.
We then sample all movies associated with the current set of people and add these movies and their associated people to the database. To create our IMDB dataset  , we choose a small subset of movies and all the people associated with these movies.
query log by classifying queries manually  , which filtered for ambiguous queries. Since one of the claims of semantic search is that it can help general purpose ad-hoc information retrieval on overeaters ananymous imdb batman returns aloha sol the longest yard sale sacred heart u sagemont church houston tx david suchet NAACP Image Awards mr rourke fantasy island old winchester shotguns la scala restaurant philadelphia the quick lift We have selected a sample of 42 entity-queries from the Yahoo!
The first column is our baseline using SAFE algorithm with Indri 18  as the single centralized retrieval algorithm . Tables 3-5 show the high-precision results on TREC123  , TREC4-Kmeans and ClueWeb-Wiki respectively .
We presented both a k-means style algorithm  , ACCAMS  , as well as a generative Bayesian non-parametric model with a collapsed Gibbs sampler  , bACCAMS; we obtained theoretical guarantees for matrix approximation through additive coclustering ; and we showed that our method is concise and accurate on a diverse range of datasets  , including achieving the best published accuracy for matrix completion on Netflix. Here we formulated a model of additive co-clustering.
First we analyse " how users tag photos " and " what kind of tags they provide "   , based on a representative snapshot of Flickr consisting of 52 million publicly available photos. The contribution of this paper is twofold.
Note that the labeled training set is WebKB+DBLP  , whereas the unlabeled training set is the data from our crawl. We sampled 5000 instances from the unlabeled dataset in each iteration and consider an instance for addition only if a prediction was made for this instance with a confidence probability ≥ 0.9.
Netflix used Limelight  , one of the biggest CDNs  , for content delivery  , and later  , the Tier-1 Level 3 also obtained a contract to deliver Netflix's traffic. Now it accounts for up to 32.7% of peak U.S. downstream traffic 8 and its traffic volume is higher than that of BitTorrent 9 applications.
The complex dynamics that attract attention towards Flickr images revolve around all the above mentioned mechanisms of social feedback that  , as in any other social network   , tend to promote some items more than others. Flickr also maintains and updates periodically the Explore page 3   , a showcase of interesting photos.
Our snowball sample is part of a large weakly connected component of the entire Flickr network that is reachable from the seed user; we call our sampled data the Flickr social network graph. The list of contacts for each user is publicly visible in Flickr  , and we used the Flickr API to reduce the necessary bandwidth for crawling.
They used the Flickr dataset and analyzed the effects. Causes of correlation in social networks are categorizable into influence  , homophily  , and environment.
Nonetheless  , in Table Ithe word batman depicts a high relevance value. IMDb movie reviews are in a rating scale from 1 to 10  , thus  , The word batman represents a word highly related to a specific set of movies and intuitively would not be observed as a sentiment word.
reviews were extracted from the IMDb www.imdb.com  movie database and  , the actors and characters e.g. Request permissions from permissions@acm.org.
We then used Clueweb's URL-DocId mapping to find urls of target entities present in Clueweb dataset and present corresponding DocID as final results. We then combine both the results to get final ranking.
All instance types provide the same functionality while having different QoS. Services of Netflix are hosted in a cloud provided by Amazon EC2 2  , which offers about 40 instance types e.g.  , t2.micro  , c4.4xlarge for selection.
Our final subsets have approximately 60  , 000 users; setting the value as we did is roughly equivalent to bootstrapping a new recommender system with 10  , 000 users rating content for over a year we thus hope to avoid settings where our results will be skewed by system-wide cold start problems. Each subsample includes 50  , 000 users and any rating input by any user prior to a pre-defined " edge " time = 500 days after the first date in the Netflix dataset.
The Netflix Prize is another example for such an open competition  , where 20 ,000 research teams were competing against each other  , trying to implement the most effective collaborative filtering algorithm for a single prize of 1 ,000 ,000 USD; interestingly  , some of the participating groups merged into one team  " The Ensemble "   , combined their algorithms  , and achieved competitive results. In this way each participant could increase his probability of a successful task completion  , but on the other hand would have to share the prize with other team members.
http://trec.nist.gov and on more structured data  , as for example taken from the IMDB movie database http://www.imdb.com. We are also currently performing experiments on the GOV document collection cf.
The options for the photos' visibility are public  , family and private; users can set the visibility through the setPerms function. Flickr Visibility FV.
Query result lists from wikipedia  , flickr and youtube using " Tian Tan " temple of heaven as the query Figure 1.
Many studies on recommender systems have been focused on collaborative filtering approaches. More recently  , fueled by the Netflix competition  , several improvements have been proposed including the use of regularized SVD 16  , and the idea of matrix factorization combined with neighborhoodbased methods 14.
There are 81 ground truth concepts manually annotated for search evaluation. NUS-WIDE 1 is a Web image dataset containing 269  , 648 images downloaded from Flickr  , each associated with 6 tags on average.
In the memory-based CF algorithms  , the number of neighborhood users was set to be 100 in Movielens-1M and EachMovie  , and 300 in Netflix. In EigenRank and VSRank  , the greedy aggregation method is used to aggregate the predicted pairwise preferences of items into total ranks.
For example  , in the WebKB dataset  , the link structure provides additional insights about the relationship among documents e.g.  , links often pointing from a student to her advisor or from a faculty member to his projects. Link structures provide invaluable information about properties of the documents as well as relationships among them.
When the complete Clueweb collection will be considered  , this problem could become significantly smaller. First of all  , the Clueweb Category B collection is of a limited size  , and does not include a large part of the pages linked to from Wikipedia.
to share them online using the same device  , thus increasing the amount of visual content uploaded to image sharing websites such as Flickr 1 . Request permissions from permissions@acm.org.
The small-world network properties have implications for information flow. For well-connected nodes in Flickr the clustering coefficient is typically between 0.05 to 0.1  , and for poorly connected it is typically between 0.2 and 0.4 22.
This work focuses on novel features for implicit relevance feedback beyond the standard SRP clicks. 23  leveraged extended user browsing traces on the Flickr photo sharing platform to create a query independent image authority measure.
The British Library maintains several Facebook pages exposing digitized images  , manuscripts  , and other digital resources. Copyright 2013 ACM 978-1-4503-2077published more than 18 ,000 photos organized in 24 sets on Flickr Commons 1 .
The RDBMS contains 1 ,224 ,983 movie names and 263 ,542 alternative movie names in the sense of "'also known as"'; 2 ,296 ,365 person names and 513 ,112 aka. The IMDB was acquired via publicly available plain text exports and parsed into a RDBMS.
Furthermore  , the properties of director  , performance  , actor and date of a film are extracted from instances in the class mdb:film. From the LinkedMDB  , we extracted mdb:actor netflix id  , mdb:actor name  , and mdb:performance  , that are critical for distinguishing different instances.
The Wikipedia experiment reconfirms the good performance of GC. The improvement shown on the IMDB corpus confirms once more the hypothesis that even in scarcely connected graph  , neighborhood aware classification achieves good improvement over the pure text-based classification.
Flickr: Flickr is an image hosting website  , where users can endorse an entity image by including it in their 'Favorites'. As we show in our experiments  , the data from the search engine turns out to be more useful than the tweets for extracting tags.
On the other side  , ReDDE.top is more sensitive to noise in such an environment  , as a notso-relevant sample document from a really big source may result in too much bias in favor of that source and affects the final ranked list. The exponential decay function of CRCS makes it more stable on the Clueweb collection  , which exhibits a highly skewed distribution of source sizes.
The merchant and product review data sets are compiled from hundreds of third party review collections   , including Epinions  , Amazon and CNET for product reviews and Resellerratings and Shopzilla for merchant reviews . We study three different data sets: product reviews and merchant reviews from Google Product Search  , and Netflix movie ratings.
Our system consists of two parts. This portion consumes the data file and renders the tags on the screen  , along with some sample photos for the tags  , taken from the Flickr website.
However  , manipulating the data is not possible. MyTag 4 partially overcomes this limitation by providing a single interface to retrieve combined results from Flickr  , YouTube  , and del.icio.us.
Recent state-of-the-art methods have relied on learning even larger  , more complex factorization models  , often taking nontrivial combinations of multiple submodels 16  , 13 . Top recommendation systems have used thousands of factors per item and per user  , as was the case in the winning submissions in the Netflix prize 10.
7 shows the error rates of different approaches over the 7 ,000 personal photos and an ideal performance of the DL approach denoted as " DL+withinDomian "  which is trained and tested on ImageNet. Fig.
Our participation in the task comprises of an item-based recommendation framework where we compute similarities between items through the Wikipedia graph structure. This is the second year the TREC contextual suggestion task was organized and this year's task differed from the previous year's task in that this year's submissions allowed generated location suggestions to be either from the Open Web 3 or from the ClueWeb 2012 dataset 4 whereas last year's submissions were restricted to the Open Web only.
Tag behaviour in Flickr. In this paper we first presented a characterisation of tag behaviour in Flickr  , which forms the foundation for the tag recommendation system and evaluation presented in the second part of the paper.
11  use Scalestructure Identification method to extract place and event semantics for tags based on the GPS metadata of the images in Flickr. Rattenbury et al.
It is obvious that such simplifications are not always appropriate  , for instance consider that a creator does not have to be a person necessarily; it can be an institution or a group of persons as well. For example  , if a query " person:steven spielberg " is submitted  , two queries will be sent to IMDB: " Character:steven spielberg " and " People:steven spielberg " provided that IMDB's Character-field is mapped onto the character-concept and the People-field is mapped onto the person-concept.
The rising prominence of image sharing platforms like Flickr and Instagram has led to an explosion of social images. A summary is constructed by selecting 1 to 3 images per cluster as exemplar.
GBM builds an additive expansion of small decision trees Figure 1B  , with each tree partitioning genes based on a series of informative features differentiating positive and negative training examples. GBM  , which was a critical component of the winning 'Netflix Grand Prize' solution 26 ,27  , has been used for a variety of biological and medical machine learning problems  , including deciphering the tissue-specific splicing code 28 and predicting clinical outcomes in osteoporosis 29.
Wikipedia would therefore be usable in modeling our query: We run our queries against the Wikipedia collection  , select the top 10 terms using relevance models from Lavrenko and Croft  , 2001 and mix these with the original query terms. The Clueweb collection offers a natural " external " collection   , Wikipedia  , as this part of the collection is free of spam and relatively clean compared to other web documents.
We prove that Graffiti's random walk corresponds to a stochastic process and has desired properties like convergence and a unique solution. We implemented and tested the framework using real-world data from the social network flickr.
For our experimental comparison  , we rely on the widely used ClueWeb'12 corpus  , a collection of 730 million authentic Web documents. The improvements over the MRF model were only significant for some of the considered metrics.
Similar frequent pattern mining has revolutionized other services such as iTunes  , GoodReads  , social platforms  , etc. Netflix recommends new movies based on " customers who watched this also watched that " .
This paper investigates the effect of random decisions on selective search accuracy by comparing results obtained with different partitionings of two ClueWeb datasets. In our work  , we focus on the variance itself.
In previous experiments that were conducted by various users in connection with the Netflix Prize 7 it turned out that sole collaborative filtering outperformed all approaches that tried to enrich the data set with background information. There might also be a limitation of the approach: The user-item matrix that we make use of can be used directly for collaborative filtering.
Another possible explanation is that the class had a very skewed distribution which persisted in friendship circles. Clearly  , Flickr users do not form friendships based on their country of origin and country attribute in Flickr is not autocorrelated only 23% of the links are between users from the same country.
The data was extracted from a complete snapshot of Flickr from 2008. This comprised the text data associated with each entity.
For the IMDB data set  , there are few large values with the majority of the scores being clustered toward the lower end of the value range for each attribute. In cases when the distribution of the data set contains a distinct cluster of K or more high scores row-level correlation the confidence quickly climbs.
In other situations where the neighborhood information is too noisy to be useful e.g.  , in the IMDB test case  , GC has built-in throttling capabilities that automatically regulate the degree to which GC considers neighborhood information. In situations when neighborhood information is rich and strongly indicative e.g.  , in the Wikipedia test case  , GC exploits it to boost classification accuracy.
In fact  , among the top-10 feature functions for the ClueWeb settings only two max-qsim and geoqsim  are not based on a query-independent measure. Second  , for the ClueWeb settings  , the feature functions defined over the lC clique and which are based on query-independent document measures e.g.  , max-sw1  , max-sw2  , max-spam are attributed with high importance.
Comparing to data in tra- Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Some examples of such data include organizational and personal web pages e.g  , the WebKB benchmark data set  , which contains university web pages  , research papers e.g.  , data in CiteSeer  , online news articles  , and customer-generated media e.g.  , blogs.
how LegoDB derives efficient configurations and mappings that are adequate for a given application scenario. We will show for a variety of schemas and datasets IMDB  , DBLP  , etc.
This field has been well explored over the years  , but the availability of user-generated image data on social sites such as Flickr  , and annotated image databases such as ImageNet 6   , have enabled significant advances in the recent past  , answering relatively sophisticated questions such as what makes an image memorable 17  , interesting 10 or popular 21. This paper also contributes to image analysis and understanding.
This table also includes results for usernames for discussion in §6.3. Table 3presents the classification accuracy of each classifier for matching accounts from Flickr to Twitter and from Yelp to Twitter.
This fact indicates that the text categorization of WWW documents can be more difficult than the categorization of normal documents. For example  , for the category " staff " of the WebKB dataset  , the F 1 measurement is only about 12% for all methods.
Table 1shows a simple statistics on the first 1 ,000 images of the MIR Flickr-2008. Tags of all 1 ,000 Flickr images were manually translated.
We cast this budget-constrained user selection problem as an optimization problem  , in which the objective function stands for the expected prediction error of our model. 3 We validate the theoretical results with an empirical study  , by simulating the setting of the problem using the Netflix dataset and comparing the effectiveness of our algorithms to that of several baselines.
26  used the number of favorites in Flickr as relevance values for building and testing machine learning models. Pedro et al.
We conclude with some remarks and future work in Section 5. In Section 4 we show the results of initial experiments with Flickr and del.icio.us tag sets.
In general  , fully factorised message passing algorithms as described in 14 can be parallelised as long as we take care that messages and cached marginals are always consistent. This method gave a 4× speedup on an 8 core machine  , allowing us to process the 100 ,000 ,000 Netflix ratings in 2 hours with K = 30.
The IMDB corpus was trimmed to contain only documents found in either the MovieLens or Netflix corpora . These data sets were chosen since they provided documents containing facets  , such as director and actor  , along with real user relevance judgments on these documents.
This and the much more extensive experimental results presented later in the paper suggests that Flickr analysis may produce useful observations either on its own or as a complement other observational sources. Note that the Flickr analysis is sparse in places with few photographs  , while the satellite data is missing in areas with cloud cover  , but they agree well in areas where both observations are present.
The reason for choosing PMF was that it has shown excellent performance on collaborative filtering tasks such as the Netflix challenge. We investigate two methods of imputing the ratings: a user independent method  , where all the missing ratings are filled in by the same value  , and a user dependent method  , where for every user n the missing ratings are predicted by a probabilistic matrix factorization model PMF 24.
However  , the two projects rely on a different architecture and very different learning techniques. KNOWITALL was inspired  , in part  , by the WebKB project 6  , 7  and its motivation.
2012 used a hidden Markov model to split photostreams into groups of similar photos and evaluate different layouts to represent them. In the case of Flickr  , Gozali et al.
More directly related to this paper are research efforts that analyzed Flickr tags and other term associated with Flickr photos together with photo location and time metadata 9  , 14. Some efforts have looked at extracting ontologies or  , structured knowledge from tags 23 – a similar goal to ours  , yet using co-occurrence and other text-based tools that could augment the methods analyzed in this paper.
These data sets were chosen since they provided documents containing facets  , such as director and actor  , along with real user relevance judgments on these documents. In order to demonstrate these ideas  , a set of experiments were carried out using documents from the Internet Movie Database IMDB corpus 8 along with real user relevance judgments for each document from the MovieLens 4 and Netflix Prize 13 corpora.
While such personalized schemes have been proven to be useful  , some domains of data have limited information about authors users and their social connections . Their system aims towards recommending tags for Flickr photo objects.
For example  , the IMDB Web site does offer a form for searching for movies with multiple specified actors. Often  , applications implement particular versions of proximity search.
In total  , each user had to evaluate 630 interpretations for IMDB and 517 interpretations for the Lyrics dataset. We consider this low agreement as an additional indication of α-NDCG-W for single concept sc and multi-concept mc queries for diversification Div and ranking Rank for α=0  , 0.5  , and 0.99
The Flickr dataset is rather new  , and presents a number of additional challenges. 1305.40.
The server in the background continuously obtains the most recent photos from the Flickr stream and classifies them. divides the results into two sets: left  " Most Attractive "  and right " Least Attractive " .
Rankings based on explicit feedback  , namely Favorites  , boost pictures that are well spread across Flickr groups and that receive attention from active Flickr users  , but that may not have great impact outside of Flickr. The overall scenario emerging from the comparison shows that different metrics promote different types of photos.
If two movies had the same mean  , we ranked them based on how many experts had rated the movie; iii Neighbor-CF: Each survey respondents' profile was compared to the ratings of the users in the Netflix data subset: the top-10 list was derived by ordering the unrated movies with predictions higher than the recommendable threshold; and iv Expert-CF: Similar to iii  , but using the expert dataset instead of the Netflix ratings. Using the collected ratings and the 8  , 000 movies that we considered in the above experiments  , we generated 4 top-10 recommendation lists: i Random List: A random sequence of movie titles; ii Critics choice: The movies with the highest mean rating given by the experts.
For all three runs we removed results from the ranked lists that have spam ranks smaller than 70% meaning that at most 70% of the ClueWeb have a higher probability of being spam according to the spam rank list provided by the University of Waterloo 4 . Chat Noir is based on the BM25F retrieval model RZT04 including the anchor text list provided by the University of Twente 2 and the PageRank list provided by the Carnegie Mellon University 3 .
In each of these scenarios  , recommender systems choose a few items a user will like most from among thousands  , or even millions  , of possibilities. Members of Netflix receive movie recommendations based on their movie ratings 3.
We have used the above methodology for recommending movie in IMDB database. In the next section we describe a method of determining these weights from a social collaborative net- work.
In shows that Ann is in the process of dragging a Flickr product photo onto her Computer_Accessories directory. The expandable tree on top lists Ann's currently mounted hierarchies.
In particular  , one new dataset is created from the Wikipedia collection of ClueWeb data. Empirical studies have been conducted with three federated search datasets to show the advantages of the proposed result merging algorithm.
Our approaches are thoroughly evaluated in Section 6 using web scale datasets collected from Flickr. It calculates the pairwise relationship of the photos based on their spatial and temporal features.
Queries are constructed from the documents based on the top 10 TF-IDF ranked terms and cosine similarity is used as the scoring function ϕ·. The WebKB dataset contains categorized University webpages and we use data from Cornell University for testing.
As a consequence  , BM25L leads to extremely high retrieval performance on ClueWeb B. As the top ranked documents are mostly overlong  , the biase towards long documents in the document ranking could be so evident that the length distribution of relevant and non-relevant documents fits very well with the distribution functions on both training and testing topics.
This shows that while the semantic aspect is more important than social aspect for these specific datasets  , the social component helps improving the search result  , in particular for Flickr. For both the Flickr and the LibraryThing data set the NDCG improved by increasing α  , but dropped of when setting α to 1.
To measure the similarity between the Yelp and Twitter or Flickr and Twitter accounts  , we accumulate the probabilities of each word in the Yelp or Flickr text from the language model of the Twitter account. The reason why higher n-grams and other stylometry methods are less effective is because i the pre-filtering already removes what often links words together  , and ii tweets consist mostly of keywords with fewer stylistic expressions.
In this section we provide a brief overview of some of the Flickr and non-Flickr works that we consider to be most related. The scope of research on Flickr is rather broad and includes analyses of the Flickr browsing patterns  , development of new interfaces  , image recommendations and many others.
Documents of this collection are short movie descriptions that include the storyboard  , cast overview  , and user comments. 3 Internet Movie Database imdb at 2.
In this paper  , we use SVD as our base algorithm  , since it represents a family of factorization-based methods that work well on the Netflix dataset 4. A common characteristic of these models is to introduce user latent factors or/and product latent factors to solve the data sparsity issue.
If we can build a wrapper for extracting the main entity from some pages  , we can extract entities from other pages of same format. In order to select good wrappers and use them to extract entity names  , we utilize the fact that many websites contain large bers of web pages in the same format e.g.  , all movie pages on IMDB.
As a simple baseline  , we used a query-independent method by ranking resources based on their estimated size. A notable exception is the RS_clueweb baseline  , which uses the collections' snippets in combination with the ClueWeb '09 collection to make size estimates.
Therefore  , for each street segment i  , we compute a z-transformed walkability score from Flickr tags: The entire aesthetic capital of a neighborhood can be squandered by the sole presence of cars 31.
Because Flickr provides information about the exact timestamp when a user marked a photo as a favorite  , this allowed us to recreate favorite marking events over the dynamically evolving social network graphs. We used the Flickr API to download the list of favorite photos for all known users  , based on the final snapshot of our Flickr social network graph.
Their study of del.icio.us and Flickr tags found that a significant number of tags are misspelled. Guy and Tonkin 9 discuss the issue of cleaning up the tag space.
A topic can have more than one relevant home page  , because the Clueweb collection contains duplicate pages  , i.e. The topic set contains 53 topics with 84 relevant home pages.
On Clueweb Category B we use the Stanford named entity tagger to recognize entities Finkel et al.  , 2005. Here we make use of Wikipedia redirects that map common alternative spellings or references e.g.  , " Schumacher  , " " Schumi " and " M. Schumacher "  to the " canonical form " of an entity  " Michael Schumacher " .
Depending on the application  , these domains could involve dimensionality equal to if not larger than the number of input vectors. Similarly  , if one wishes to perform collaborative filtering on data from sites such as Amazon or NetFlix  , the algorithms need to scale to tens of millions of users.
Usually  , the overall popularity of a resource is used for ranking search results. Another limitation results from the ranking of resources as implemented by platforms such as YouTube  , Flickr  , and del.icio.us.
The next stage was to create a structure for a large and apparently unrelated dataset of smell words through a system of classification. 3 This category's words refer to public transportation facilities  , and might well be a Flickr-specific artifact: London subway stations have long been of photographic interest and  , as a result  , might be overrepresented on Flickr.
Typically  , classification accuracies averaged over all the six classes are published with WebKB and are usually in the 70 − 90% range depending on the choice of features. These values are rather low.
We derive binary responses by considering only 5-star ratings as " positive " dyads and treating all the others as missing entries. The Netflix data set contains 480K users and 18K movies.
Other video service providers  , including Netflix and Hulu  , were even earlier adopters of this feature than YouTube. For example  , YouTube added the storyboard feature in January 2012 to provide thumbnail previews of frames selected at regular intervals within the video 5.
It contains information of 10 ,197 movies  , 95 ,321 actors/actress and 20 movie genres e.g.  , action  , comedy  , horror  , etc. This dataset 3 is an extension of MovieLens dataset  , which links movies from MovieLens with their corresponding IMDb webpage and Rotten Tomatoes review system.
To train our framework  , we collect for the first time a large ground truth of aesthetic scores assigned to Flickr images by non-expert subjects via crowdsourcing. 2006.
California hospitals are required by regulation to publish certain demographic data 1   , or Netflix published their subscribers' movie rating and recommendation database for research purposes. Large amounts of data are published for various reasons  , e.g.
We use only two spanning hops because Flickr concepts are densely linked. We span the tree following relations for a given number of hops.
Finally  , to partly generalize our measurements to users not in our sample sampling error  , we will determine the minimum amount of data at the street level e.g.  , number of photos per street required to have measurements yielding the same results on repeated trials. To minimize the effect of Flickr and Foursquare biases e.g.  , Flickr pictures are taken predominantly during the day and by men  , we borrow normalization measures e.g.  , z-transformations from previous studies 21.
Some e-commences and web service providers like Amazon and Netflix have adopted the CF-based recommendation to further their businesses. A good CF system will not only enhance the satisfaction and loyalty of customers but also promote sales.
This ratio can be thought of as a measure of the confidence that a given time and place actually had snow  , given photos from Flickr. Black areas indicate a likelihood ratio near 1  , showing little conference either way  , and grey areas lack data entirely having no Flickr photos in that bin on that day.
Dataset: We compile our dataset from real world comments harvested from Flickr Commons. In order to compare how users' perspectives of usefulness is similar to experts' perspectives we compare characteristics of useful user-judged and expert-judged comments.
We downloaded Flickr pictures with machine tags having a lastfm:event or upcoming:event as prefix using the Flickr API. This assignment of pictures to events via machine tags can be used to construct a gold standard for clustering by assuming that all pictures with the same machine tag belong to the same event.
An interesting approach to consider would be the potential commercial value of the item recommendation system we propose  , in large-scale case studies such as Amazon.com and Netflix. The authors of 18 propose fast approximations of the original RWR method ensuring up to 90% or better quality  , which takes into account properties of social graphs  , namely linear correlations and community-like structure.
On the contrary  , many popular recommender systems are designed for online users to interact with their friends in the real life  , like Netflix  , Flixster  , Douban  , Foursquare  , etc. Only few online recommender systems  , like Epinions  , have the implementation of trust mechanism.
BookCrossing is a book rating dataset 4   , collected by Each movie's metadata was enhanced with additional features list of actors  , director  , writer  , screenplay  , and world certificate obtained from the movie's record in IMDB 3 .
To understand the failure modes of estimating attributes about the world from Flickr photos  , we performed a case study of false positives — bins and days in which our Flickr mining predicted the presence of snow  , but the NASA ground truth indicated that there was no snow cover. Case study of false positives.
Flickr Network. The results are averaged over 10 different runs.
By analyzing these datasets as well as performing in-domain and cross-domain experiments  , we investigate the first question. We first create a dataset containing tweets about items of four popular web applications in completely different domains: IMDb movies  , YouTube Video clips  , Goodreads books  , and Pandora musics.
As we saw in our data description  , some sources appear to have bias associated with them– a few sources tended to give merchants lower average reviews than others. The source of reviews may be further investigated: we may choose to re-weight the sources  , as we re-weighted authors for the Netflix data.
QL+SubQL and DM+SubQL 30 are the subset query distribution methods  ,  which combine the original query with a distribution of subset queries. Note that we do not report KC on ClueWeb  , since the key concept query is not provided on ClueWeb in 2.
Table 5shows the average run time when generating each feature from the ClueWeb English 1 collection. Distributing the Indri index over a cluster of 10 CPUs  , our longest run took approximately 3 hours.
These data are retrieved from Flickr API and an online weather service. Each ambience is associated with a set of tagged images.
On the average  , MudRecS takes approximately two seconds to make recommendations for a user query. CineMatch  , Netflix's recommender  , achieves an RMSE score of 0.9514 on the Netflix dataset  , which is outperformed by MudRecS.
For instance   , the number of views is an indicator for the popularity of a photo  , the upload date and the date a photo was taken at is an indicator for the recency of the content  , and adding a photo to one's favorite list is probably the most direct positive relevance assignment in Flickr  , and is an explicit expression of interest in the photo. The Flickr search interface exploits the explicit and implicit ratings in the meta data to infer rankings.
Since such extremely ambiguous q-grams carry very little information but incur high processing cost  , we disregard all q-grams that are more frequent than a threshold k  , but ensure that at least one q-gram of each term remains in the index. If those are found in a text  , the number of matches with the ontology becomes extremely large several thousand for SAPTerm and hundreds of thousands for IMDB.
National borders and computer software have a complicated history. Flickr asked users who queried " Jerusalem " whether they meant " Israel " or " Occupied Palestinian Territories  , " but then provided the same data regardless of their selection.
recommender systems  , such as that in the Netflix Prize Bennett  , Lanning  , and Netflix 2007 relies heavily on user data and comparisons between users  , while finding an aggregate " one size fits all " ranking should still be reliable for users that are outliers or have no data available. Personalization e.g.
In the third stage  , we computed five features described below for each candidate result. In the second stage we retrieved results for the original topic  , and separately for each reformulation  , from the ClueWeb corpus.
For example  , on ClueWeb  , RTree improves QL+SubQL by 17.5% and 27.5% with respect to MAP and NDCG10  , respectively . Most of the improvements are significant.
Authoritative image Websites  , such as PBase and Flickr  , are used as seed URLs. As a result  , they are prioritized so that in the future  , they will be explored first.
Figure 2: Parameter Sensibility on 20Newsgroup  , with different Cu. It is interesting to note that in WebKB  , M 2 DCU is faster than M 2 DCU-0  , which indicates introducing the Universum examples may sometimes reduce the number of CCCP iterations.
Recommender systems have greater influence on users' choices than peers and experts 14. Netflix in 2012 reported that 75% of what its users watched came from recommen- dations 1.
Note that in this example  , if T2 represents a Flickr image post  , and t3 the automated Tweet for the image post  , then T2 − t3 represents the delay resulting from desynchronized clocks between Flickr and Twitter. This set contains all the timestamp differences between posts on the two sites potentially corresponding to the same content e.g.  , a photo on Flickr and its link on Twitter.
3 constructs intra-city travel itineraries using spatio-temporal data from Flickr. Choudhury et al.
Research on collaborative filtering algorithms reached a peak due to the 1 million dollar Netflix movie recommendation competition 4. Thus  , the main idea is to use the behavior history from other like-minded users to provide the current user with good recommendations.
We implemented Algorithm 1 in Matlab  , employing stochastic SVD library by Mark Tygert 5 and block SVD library by David Wingate 6 . To validate the proposed approach we conducted extensive experiments on three large publicly available datasets: song dataset from the Kaggle's MSD challenge and two movie datasets MovieLens and Netflix.
The NUS-WIDE dataset 3  contains 269 ,648 images collected from Flickr. Two images are considered as a ground truth neighbor if they have the same class label.
WebKB The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. The dataset contained 476 abstracts  , which were divided into four research areas: Natural Language Processing NLP  , Robotics/Vision  , Systems  , and Theory.
It is a model-based collaborative filtering CF algorithm proposed by the winning team in the Netflix competition 1   , which is designed for improving the prediction accuracy of the Netflix movie recommender system. To deal with a general recommendation problem  , we can consider the standard factorization algorithm 15 as a baseline model.
Second  , for the ClueWeb settings  , the feature functions defined over the lC clique and which are based on query-independent document measures e.g.  , max-sw1  , max-sw2  , max-spam are attributed with high importance. For example  , the geo-qsim function defined over lQD  , the max-qsim function defined over lQC   , and the max-sw2 function defined over lC   , are among the 4  , 6 and 2 most important functions in both cases non- ClueWeb and ClueWeb settings.
Clusters have higher accuracy because they capture population densities. For example  , when the FPR is 1%  , the TPR for identifying Flickr users in Twitter is 60%.
 LS typically performs between 5X and an order of magnitude better than LESS on anti-correlated datasets.  For the real Zillow dataset LS outperforms LESS by an order of magnitude and for the lower dimensional IMDB movie database LS outperforms LESS by up to 2X.
Outgoing-links occurrence frequencies; outgoing-links are all URLs that point internally to other Wikipedia articles. Our system scanned through the whole Wikipedia repository the version that is included in the ClueWeb collection and computed the following normalized vectors for each document: Words-occurrences frequencies; we assigned a threshold value to exclude all low frequency terms and to keep the ones with frequency higher than the threshold.
Tag Diversity Flickr provides users with an easy way for users to manually tag their photos. We calculate the entropy of this distribution  , as above  , to characterize the visual diversity of the group.
Netflix recommends new movies based on " customers who watched this also watched that " . For example  , Amazon.com recommends related products based on " customers who bought this also bought that " .
The vocabulary consists of 20000 most frequent words. The WebKB dataset consists of 8275 web-pages crawled from university web sites.
However  , since ClueWeb B is assumed to be a subset of Tier 1 of a Web search index  , based on a large number of seed URLs  , we expect that the composition of any sample of the ClueWeb B collection approximates the composition of the full collection. If the crawl is stopped at half the number of pages  , the collection will still have most of the important pages  , as modern crawling strategies focus on crawling the most important pages first.
In 19  , the authors suggest that for homogenous newswire collections a small window is enough to capture useful dependencies  , while for large  , noisy web collections  , a larger span must be set. Optimal l values for MRF- FD were very small for SJMN l ∈ {1  , 2} in contrast to the optimal setting for ClueWeb-B l ∈ {16  , 32}.
The total size of Wikipedia is about 6 million documents  , which is reasonable for creating a separate testbed. Within the full ClueWeb dataset  , Wikipedia is the main contributor of relevant documents for Web track queries.
We applied Porter stemming and stopword removal upon queries and documents using the Lemur/Indri toolkit. Two sets of topics were used for ClueWeb: Clue09 1-50 and Clue10 51-100.
Besides the historical ratings MovieLens datasets also provides some context information  , including 19/18 genres associated with items movies and age  , occupation and gender associated with users. The reason we did not do the evaluations on the Netflix dataset is  , it only provides the ratings without any attributes or context information about users or items  , which makes it impossible to perform the context-aware algorithm and the CSEL method by manipulating the attributes Mv proposed in this work.
Figure 3plots  , for the five transfer sizes between 512KB and 5MB  , the CDF of R X for average throughput across all measurement instances. For example  , typical YouTube files are divided in blocks of size 512KB  , while Netflix transfers blocks of either 1.8MB or 5.2MB in size 12.
 To investigate our approach  , we need to consider a user's tweets for a substantial period of time as the average user does not take photos every day. Although the MediaEval benchmark also provides a test set a set of Flickr items for which to estimate their latitude/longitude   , we created our own for two reasons:  It is very difficult to determine for arbitrary Flickr users whether they have a Twitter account unless they provide it in their Flickr user profile.
Nether work captures the dynamics of the associated conversations on a media object. in 9 leveraged the community-contributed collections of rich media Flickr to automatically generate representative views of landmarks.
Table 2shows k-means clustering results on the WebKB 4 Universities data set. We discuss hierarchical agglomerative clustering HAC results in section 4.6.
The results of this content based search are shown in the lower half of the screen  , labelled C. Each Flickr result therefore acts similar to a button  , carrying out a CLEF search and updating the bottom half of the screen  , and allowing the user a simple way of utilising the results of the first search in order to execute queries on the target collection. When clicked  , this Flickr image will be used as a content-based image query into the CLEF collection.
They could access and view the photo directly on Flickr  , to find additional context when needed. To help them in their task  , the assessors were presented the photo  , title  , tags  , owner name  , and the description.
The personalization model realizes that netflix has appeared twice in user's search history before and boosts it to position one. The other candidates were ranked lower in their respective original order.
This means that 97 tags in del.icio.us and 94 in Flickr could be mapped to concepts in ontologies except WordNet. If we consider only the pairs of tags that were found in other ontologies than WordNet  , the numbers decrease to 126 97 distinct tags in del.icio.us and 67 94 distinct tags in Flickr.
However  , typical IR systems  , across various tasks  , are configured to return the top k documents  , which is usually a relatively smaller percentage of all the documents in the collection. 70k patents and 10k ClueWeb documents.
The Netflix data are collected representing the distribution of ratings Netflix.com obtained during a period of 1998- 2005. In contrast  , BPMF with 300 dimensions takes several hundreds of iterations  , 200 minutes per iteration   , to burn in  , and then needs other hundreds of iterations to compute the average.
Users can also group sets into " super " albums  , called collections. Flickr allows users to group their photos in album-like folders  , called sets.
For all datasets  , incorporating Γ in the computation causes significant improvement in the GC performance. IMDB results are not shown here for lack of space.
Using the method described above they were able to achieve fairly high precision of classifying tags as either a place or event. Their evaluation is based on a set of geotagged Flickr photographs.
Another dataset from Flickr was collected with flickr API  , which consists of a set of callable methods for users  , photos  , photosets and other uniquely identifiable objects. We got 30 ,769 rows of data  , where each row represents a paper and a set of tags described by online users.
We refined this data set to make it more suitable for our experiments. Our data set is from the data-centric track of INEX 2010 9  , which consists of: 1 the IMDB data set including 1 ,594 ,513 movies; 2 26 query topics keywords  , description  , and narrative created by the track participants in the final version; and 3 relevance judgments of query-document pairs.
To do this  , we apply a Gaussian filter on the Flickr confidence values for each bin in an attempt to achieve better recalls. Thus one way of addressing the sparsity of Flickr photos in some locations is to propagate evidence forward and backward in time.
21 use a random walk algorithm for tag ranking in Flickr  , to overcome the sparsity problem of the tags associated to the images inside the social network. Liu et al.
Unfortunately  , actors  , especially in the beginning of their career  , play in movies that often belong to extremely diverse movie genres. For IMDB  , we used common starring actors to form the link structure.
Figure 2shows the accuracy of three ranking models for five representative top-k queries over each ontology. We use two kinds of ontologies from two real datasets: DBLP http://dblp.uni-trier.de/xml/ and IMDB http://www.imdb .com/interface.
There are also studies that aim to detect favorite photos in Flickr or to predict the photos that a user is likely to favorite based on social  , visual  , and textual information 30. 26  used the number of favorites in Flickr as relevance values for building and testing machine learning models.
The first level contained 1000 clusters and the second 691 ,708 clusters due to pruning. We processed the entire ClueWeb with an EM-tree containing two levels of tree nodes of order m = 1000.
The differences of the patterns observed for " ClueWebs " and " SmallScales " are as follows. tation  , we refer to the ClueWeb benchmarks as " ClueWebs " on the left of the graph and to all the other benchmarks as " SmallScales " on the right.
Co-staring prediction is considered as link recommendation problem for IMDB. Each person has ∼29 attributes and ∼97 links on average.
For appearancebased retrieval  , 732 daily photos containing 1 ,248 faces are added to the dataset as the second portion. 4.1  , we crawl a large number of user-contributed photos from Flickr as the first main portion.
In Section 4 we present the four tag recommendation strategies for extending photo annotations in Flickr. We start with discussing the related work in Section 2  , followed by the analysis of tag behaviour in Flickr in Section 3  , where we focus on tag frequencies and tag semantics.
Moreover  , we use this sets of external links to compute the exact values of stop and reset probabilities in our version of PageRank and BrowseRank see Section 4.1. However  , we avoid this issue considering a first level of external links in addition to the Flickr network  , i.e.  , the set of websites from which the users enter in Flickr.
Run-1 was using the Google API and Run-2 was using Clueweb API. We presented two runs for the ELC task.
Stopwords were removed and the Krovetz stemmer was used to pre-process the documents. We used Indri 5.1 for indexing and retrieving documents from the Clueweb Category B collection.
In general  , current approaches to information filtering assume that the two ratings are correlated or have access to only one  , and hence optimize only one of the Figure 7: Distribution of consumption ratings for all users. As noted earlier  , scenarios of two-phase recommendation are common on the web—for example  , clicking a movie recommendation on Netflix and rating it after watching  , or clicking a Page recommendation on Facebook and deciding to Like it.
For training of courses  , we used 144 positive and 1000 negative from the " other " category  , and for training of the faculty category we used 84 positive and the same 1000 negative. categories  , we tried applying SVM classification to the WebKB categories of courses and faculty.
This suggests that the fine-grained object-related preferences are much more ef-fective at capturing user preferences than the coarse-grained category preferences. In this scenario  , only ImageNet-related features are required  , and none of the other sets of features contribute to more than 0.5% of samples.
Also surprisingly  , the results were nearly identical  , at 69.1% accuracy. We explored the more sophisticated measure of re-weighting " more reliable " authors as described earlier on the Netflix data.
We first evaluated the performance on each individual user  , and then estimated the macro average over all users. For the MovieLens and Netflix data sets  , algorithm effectiveness was measured by mean square error  , while on the Reuters data set classification error was used because it was more informative.
These values are rather low. On the WebKB dataset  , we obtained a precision of 0.8137  , recall of 0.3081 and an accuracy value of 0.5413.
10  , 000 images are randomly selected from our Flickr set for labeling by five persons. We use N DCG 21  as the performance evaluation measure .
The Netflix Prize competition 1 was a seminal event in recommender systems research. Using this evaluation technique  , we empirically illustrate the benefits of our approach and estimate a CTR lift of up to 3x in Xbox's main dash and up to 2.7x in Xbox's recommendations dash.
It becomes clear that at least a similarity threshold of 0.25 is necessary to form a meaningful neighborhood around each test document from the IMDB database. Table 6 shows the GC performance for different S -threshold values.
Some websites such as Flickr  , YouTube and Picasa encourage their users to upload and share their multimedia contents through folksonomy tagging systems. Most of them are pictures and video clips uploaded by users of the services .
For an X core machine we divided the movies into X partitions and processed the sequences of ratings for each of these partitions in parallel. We exploited parallelism in training on the Netflix data set see Section 4.2.
This problem is independent of any particular application   , but we only evaluated our algorithms in the context of Flickr. The initial set of tags we refer to as a " query " .
Many big players in the market e.g.  , Netflix  , Amazon  , and Microsoft Azure have adopted microservice architecture 3 by decomposing their existing monolithic applications into smaller  , and highly decoupled services also known as microservices . '16  , May 14-22  , 2016  , Austin  , TX1.
WebKB 3 : This dataset contains 4199 university webpages . 3.
The main result observations shown in Figure 11are:  Our diversification approaches clearly help to diversify Flickr query results according to the privacy dimension   , and  , compared to the original Flickr rank  , achieve an improvement of 8.7% using textual and 9.8% using visual features. The hypothetical optimal ranking for normalizing DCG was obtained through diversifying images directly by their user defined privacy scores.
We implemented the image placing approach for Flickr data as presented in 4   , with and without geo- filtering. the location information as we find it for each venue on Wikipedia.
Visualizing content and explicit structure together increases visual complexity  , disrupting legibility. For example  , knowing when people posted images about Hurricane Katrina to Flickr  , and with what tags  , is useful  , but seeing the images has another value 13.
In 8  , the authors investigated six kinds of regularities in a hypertext corpus with three classifiers. Fürnkranz also reported a significant improvement in classification accuracy when using the link-based method as opposed to the full-text alone 7  on 1 ,050 pages of the WebKB corpus 2   , although adding the entire text of " neighbor documents " seemed to harm the ability to classify pages 3.
Another 500-D model with 382k words is learned from user tags of 4 million Flickr images. We train a 500-D model with 2.2m words using the latest Wikipedia dump.
This task has been dubbed event identification Becker  , Naaman  , and Gravano 2010. Clustering approaches have been recently applied to social media data  , for example for grouping Flickr data into clusters of pictures describing the same event.
The default settings of parameters are summarized below: the overall privacy = 1  , the sampling parameter d for HPA popularity estimation d = min |T k |  , the sampling parameter l = 10 for Gowalla  , Foursquare  , and Netflix and l = 30 for MovieLens. Each setting was run 20 times and the average result was reported.
However  , these improvements are smaller than in the case of the QL baseline. As evident from Table 3b  , in most cases except for the ClueWeb-B collection the retrieval effectiveness in terms of MAP is significantly improved by the hypergraph extension.
We do not report detailed wall-clock elapsed times  , because we could not measure them with sufficient statistical confidence given that our testbed was not exclusively dedicated to a single process. Since the IMDB is not an official benchmark setting  , we omit the P@k and MAP values for the IMDB  , although results were very good throughout the whole range of queries.
While to our knowledge the existing approaches only consider information derived directly from elements within Flickr the image itself or meta-data attached to the image  , we look beyond this single platform and investigate if location estimation can be improved when considering traces of the image owner/uploader on other social Web platforms. These works exploit the very popular image sharing and organizing platform Flickr which we consider here as well.
However  , existing studies reveal that many tags provided by Flickr users are imprecise and there are only around 50% tags actually related to the image 3 . As pointed out in 2   , the principal purpose of tagging is to make Flickr photos better accessible to the public.
The main problems consist of license problems  , plagiarism and disappearing data. A vocabulary trainer could automatically enrich the words to be learned by retrieving pictures from Flickr or videos from YouTube.
Extending Flickr photo annotations. This motivated us to investigate whether the collective knowledge of the community as a whole could be used to help user extend their annotations of individual photos.
On the other hand  , since a storyboard cannot provide complete luminance information of all frames in a video  , we need to be careful about relying on the storyboard prediction for deciding whether to use the GoCAD scheme. Given that mobile video streaming applications today  , such as YouTube  , Netflix  , and Hulu  , already download storyboards before video playback starts  , using storyboard data to estimate the power consumption of our online backlight scaling algorithm can be easily incorporated into video applications in real-world situations without incurring additional network transmission overhead.
These collections reflect the subjects she likes to photograph: Plants  , Mushrooms & Fungi  , Invertebrates  , Plant Pests  , etc. Figure 1a shows collections created by an avid naturalist on Flickr.
Also on the ECML/PKDD discovery challenge 2 for tag recommendation   , a factorization model based on tensor decomposition has outperformed the other approaches 8. The best approaches 3  , 4 for the 1M$ Netflix challenge 1 are based on this model class.
Similarly  , researchers working on analyzing Flickr images  , YouTube videos  , Yelp reviews are all crawling these sites individually. on the Twitter messages.
As a proofof-concept   , we envision a new Flickr Beauty Explorer page that surfaces the most beautiful yet unpopular photos of the month to complement the classic Flickr Explorer that contains photos with very high social feedback. First  , it promotes the democratization of photo sharing platforms  , creating an opportunity to balance the visibility of popular and beautiful photos with those that are as beautiful but with less social exposure.
Although " whether ISPs should be allowed to differentiate services/charges for APs " is hotly debated under the network neutrality 26  argument  , legitimate service differentiations will also induce more extensive business relationships among the APs and ISPs. For example  , Level 3 contracted with Netflix for content delivery and Comcast managed to charge Level 3 and Limelight via paidpeering contracts for delivering Netflix's traffic to Comcast's customer base faster 23.
This sets our problem further apart from settings like Netflix  , MovieLens etc.  , where users are asked to rate movies on a 1-5 scale. In our setting  , a user's click on an article is treated as a positive vote for the article.
The records are replicated to create two databases of one million each. Since the ground truth—degree of collusion—of the online databases is unknown   , these evaluations are performed using controlled ranking functions on a data set of a million records from IMDB 2.
Each document describes a movie  , and is represented by a set of metadata  , and has been indexed according to keywords extracted from fields 3. We used a collection IMDb documents provided by INEX 1 .
This number appears to be sufficient for effectively ranking photos at the city scale. Our dataset consisted of approximately 1100 photos from Flickr 5  , taken in San Francisco and associated with exact location coordinates.
For the Bibsonomy dataset it is about 7.5 for the explicitly-connected teams  , and about 2.5 for the implicitly-connected teams. For the IMDB dataset it is about 4.5 for the explicitly-connected teams  , and about 3.3 for the implicitly-connected teams.
We conduct extensive experiments using real-life access logs obtained from Flickr. As a solution for this problem  , we provide some frequencybased heuristics and propose two gain-based heuristics that aim to reduce the average serving time.
The two examples below  , both taken from Flickr  , illustrate the different nature of useful comments. As a result  , the quality of user-generated comments varies from useful to useless and can even be abusive or off-topic.
Therefore when our survey items for commitment asked participants about their " commitment to the Flickr community  , " people surrounded by mutual strangers lower density networks responded positively. Reasonably  , one might assume that people who are surrounded by mutual strangers are sustained more by the satisfaction they receive from being part of the larger Flickr world than they do from attachments to particular individuals.
On the other hand it uses query log analysis and the annotations provided by Flickr users to rank the facets. It uses these sources to extract structured information  , e.g.  , known objects and candidate facets.
In many experimental settings  , the new approaches can successfully improve result diversification over traditional approaches that only consider document relevance. An extensive set of experiments has been conducted with the federated search testbed of the Clueweb dataset to evaluate the proposed research.
Our dataset is consisted of geo-tagged photos retrieved using Flickr API for the major cities including Manhattan  , Taipei  , Tokyo  , London  , Paris  , Berlin  , and San Francisco. 2.
Looking at the different retrieval settings  , we can see that ERM performs best between IMdb and Amazon i.e. When comparing their results Figure 7  , we observe that ERM outperforms KW across all metrics and retrieval settings and improves over KW by 120% on average in terms of MAP.
They used a language model to place photos  , and showed that they can estimate the language model effectively through analyses of annotations by users. investigated generic methods for placing photographs on Flickr on the world map 24.
These images   , ever increasing in numbers at an unprecedented rate  , comprise a rich and useful data source for the physical world. Facebook and Flickr to an enormous audience.
Cleaning dataset for plagiarism or spam By using heuristics found in the literature  , it may be useful to remove potentially spam reviews from both training and test sets. However  , reweighting authors in the Netflix data set did not outperform average  , so it is not clear that there is a simple way to do this.
The other two datasets are Web-related: the WebKB data collection and the Newsgroup data collection. In total  , 26 ,299 word features are extracted and used to represent the text documents.
In our work 18 on crowdsourcing competitions we also noticed a tendency of some workers to cooperate in order to achieve a competitive advantage manifesting in attempts to share accounts  , which we had to prevent at that time due to our experimental design. The Netflix Prize is another example for such an open competition  , where 20 ,000 research teams were competing against each other  , trying to implement the most effective collaborative filtering algorithm for a single prize of 1 ,000 ,000 USD; interestingly  , some of the participating groups merged into one team  " The Ensemble "   , combined their algorithms  , and achieved competitive results.
For example  , a Flickr photo of La Sagrada Familia – a massive Roman Catholic basilica under construction in Barcelona – is described by its owner using the tags Sagrada Familia  , and Barcelona. In Flickr  , one can find many photos on the same subject from many different users  , which are consequentially described by a wide variety of tags.
A number of previous studies have shown that item-item similarity tends to work better than user-user in sparse settings 12. This could be attributed to the fact that Netflix dataset is considerably larger and more sparse.
4  that gained significant attention by winning the 2012 ImageNet challenge  , defeating other approaches by a significant margin. Our system exploits the breakthrough image classifier by Krizhevsky et al.
We believe that their performance depends on the actual data distribution  , i.e. on Gowalla and Netflix data.
For the size of a flow  , we report the goodput rather than the total size including retransmitted data. Figure 8agraphs the distribution of flow sizes for failed and successful flows for both Youtube and Netflix and Figure 8bshows the distribution of flow duration for failed and successful flows for the two applications.
It is unclear why the track has been less successful than before—maybe teams thought that handling ClueWeb A was too challenging  , or our requirement of a non-web run for reasons of comparison was perceived as too much effort; maybe the deadlines fell earlier than anticipated  , or  , researchers may simply have moved on to studying other problems. Also  , judging from an informal analysis of the results submitted we estimate that the pools are not of great quality.
Result shows PSS2 contributes significant improvement compared to PSS1. For example  , each partition for Clueweb can have around 500 ,000 web pages.
Moreover  , Flickr users tend to post from more locations. Indeed  , §3 showed that only 77% of Yelp profiles are unique as opposed to 96% unique profiles for Flickr.
In each subfigure the left image is correctly tagged by users  , while the right one is wrongly tagged. c guitar d pumpkin Figure 6: Examples of image and the associated user tags in Flickr data set.
Flickr is a photo-sharing community in which users can display photographs  , create directed friendship links and participate in groups of common interest. Table 1shows properties of the datasets  , including the sensitive attributes.
Flickr for example features 5.5 billion images as of January 31  , 2011 and around 3000-5000 images are added per minute. First  , clustering techniques need to scale to volumes of data behind such social media portals.
In a subsequent empirical investigation of Flickr contributors  , Nov et al. Their results suggested that users attach tags to their photos to organize and communicate information about their images.
The locations in the category of 'Airport' have 177.8 documents on average  , whereas those in 'Baseball stadium' and 'National park' have 179 and 201 documents  , respectively . Table 2 describes the Flickr data set used in the experiments .
Two widely adopted approaches for recommendation systems are collaborative filtering CF and content-based filtering 1. Recommendation systems have attracted a lot of attention in the past decade and have been successfully deployed in many e-commerce websites  , such as Amazon and Netflix .
Yet  , there was no statistically significant performance decrease for any of the top-10 feature functions for the non-ClueWeb settings. Actual numbers are omitted as they convey no additional insight.
For example  , Flickr offers its users abstractions associated with sets of objects photo albums and objects within each set photos; therefore  , Content and Metadata functions readcapa  , object_ID returns byte writecapa  , object_ID  , name  , content get_summarycapa  , object_ID returns string get_URLcapa  , object_ID returns string Flickr could choose to export a three-level name hierarchy e.g.  , Ann/Disneyland-album/Mickey-photo. The structure of this hierarchy and the granularity of each object within it are left entirely up to the service  , but it typically imitates the logical structure that the service exposes to its users.
It might be the case  , however  , that this aspect is not adequately represented in the comments associated with the photograph   , and therefore will be erroneously overlooked. Flickr: On Flickr  , a picture of Paris taken by a famous photographer may appeal to people who follow this particular photographer's work.
Specifically  , in Figure 2we order the eigenvectors from the smallest one to the largest one on the X axis and plot corresponding eigenvalues on the Y axis. For both Cite- Seer and Flickr results for Wikipedia are similar to that of Flickr we compute the Laplacian of the graph and then examine the top part of its eigenspectrum first 2000 eigenvectors.
Two known vulnerabilities in the Flickr Web application 9   , namely Flickr Visibility FV and Flickr Comment FC  , are used to evaluate the effectiveness of our approach. Flickr 4 is a Web application allowing users to upload and share their photos on the Web.
We used an entity reference table containing 2.04 million person names and their synonyms 4  obtained from IMDB  , Wikipedia  , DBLP  , ACM as well as several internal databases. We focus on queries with person entities as answers.
Although the Appazaar dataset is not as large as these benchmark datasets  , it is still much larger than datasets that have been used in previous context-aware recommendation work 14  , 25. Note that conventional CF benchmark datasets  , e.g.  , Netflix dataset  , are not enriched with contextual information.
However  , our asynchronous algorithm took 40 seconds per a single iteration over 10 Billion non-zero entries using 200 machines with 50 factors a throughput of 1.25 Million entries per machine per second. As a rough comparison of throughput with 11  , using their published numbers we note that their algorithm on average took 72 seconds per a single iteration over the Netflix data that has 100 Million non-zero entries using 64 machines with 50 factors a throughput of 21.7K entries per machine per second.
Our recent work 26  exploited Homophily for behavior prediction   , where the behavior of two socially-connected users is tied and reinforced by each other. Amazon  , Netflix  , Bing.
Narayanan and Shmatikov 32 show how it is possible to correlate public IMDb data with private anonymized Netflix movie rating data resulting in the potential identification of the anonymized individuals. There has been research on breaking the anonymity of data as well.
The Flickr search interface exploits the explicit and implicit ratings in the metadata to infer rankings. Flickr photos are accompanied by a variety of metadata such as tags  , number of views  , user comments  , upload date  , etc.
The issue of combining noisy textual material the Web with semi-structured data like Wikipedia or slightly more structured data sources like IMDB is however an interesting line of research. As of this year  , we are therefore not accepting Wikipedia pages as entity homepages.
By offering temporally and geographically significant tag recommendations   , statistically significant improvements of up to 21% for P@5  , in the best case  , were achieved when testing on a Flickr image collection. continent.
The Netflix data set contains over 100 million ratings from over 480 thousand users on around 18000 titles. The EachMovie data set consists of about 2.8 million ratings made by more than 72 thousand users on 1628 movies.
11 develops a machine learning approach for leveraging content and social criteria in providing folksonomy-based recommendations  , especially on Flickr. 10 also uses a multitude of criteria derived from different interactions users make with Web objects.
As shown in Table 1  , the Flickr-based word2vec model consistently outperforms its Wikipeida and Google counterparts under varied settings. Which resource for training the semantic space ?
The evaluation shows that ADAM is able to efficiently query large collections of multimedia data. We evaluate the system using the ImageNet collection of 14 million images 2.
Flickr consists of a collection of interlinked user  , photo  , tag and group pages. We also extracted the names of users who commented on or favorited the image.
This issue arose only for IMDB and Wikipedia  , DBLP  , on the other hand  , is a well structured database with a clear and meaningful almost noise-free  , link structure. This section discusses the influence of similarity thresholding and its effectiveness for noise reduction.
products  , some famous online shopping websites such as Amazon and Netflix have expanded their marketing success- fully 7  , 15. IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media.
This is a limiting factor that affects all systems built on social media. For locations with no Flickr coverage  , it is not possible to predict the location.
A notable exception is the RS_clueweb baseline  , which uses the collections' snippets in combination with the ClueWeb '09 collection to make size estimates. The best performing runs do not use external resources such as Wordnet and Wikipedia.
However  , most images from photo sharing Web Service e.g.  , Flickr do not include such information. Campus 13K + Flickr 13K Our S+V approach requires the FOV information to compute the probabilities of POIs.
Unsuccessful websites urls were collected from TechCruch's failed startup's epi- taphs 54 between February and August of 2012 and 2013 while successful websites names were gathered in the press and the related literature. We choose websites that either require membership e.g.  , Facebook  , Netflix  , LinkedIn or depend on the activity of a loyal user base .e.g  , the left-leaning news aggregator TheHungtonPost.
While packet loss negatively impacts media performance  , we use Instagram traffic to identify strong social connections between users within the same reservations and we find that locally created media receives significantly more interactions than non-local media. Our work empirically supports trends identified in survey studies regarding Tribal broadband usage: we show that social media is the most popular application in the network in addition to other mediaoriented applications like Netflix  , Youtube  , and iTunes.
The closest related studies have come from the Netflix challenge  , in which a system must recommend DVDs to subscribers based on their previous ratings 11. The task of providing valuable suggestions of non-text content has been explored in a variety of contexts.
The following three datasets have been obtained this way. However  , this can be overcome by using freely available web resources  , such as the Flickr web gallery or Wikipedia.
Third  , we are interested in exploring opportunities for personalized recommendations in Flickr. For instance  , content may propagate more quickly and widely in a push-based system  , compared to the pullbased system used in Flickr.
We evaluate the quality of our entity ranking on 3 datasets: TREC Question Answering benchmark  , Wikipedia data and IMDB data. Furthermore  , the MRR improves from 0.67 to 0.74.
The WebKB set of tools 29 builds on a terminological ontology and conceptual graphs to represent and index documents . It exploits the SENSUS Ontology 24 which is based on the WordNet 32  linguistic ontology to describe source contents.
Search results are then re-ranked on the basis of these learnt probability models. 30 learn a generative text model from the query's Wikipedia page and a discriminative image model from the Caltech and Flickr data sets.
Flickr: On Flickr  , a picture of Paris taken by a famous photographer may appeal to people who follow this particular photographer's work. Twitter: While Lance Armstrong's tweets may cover the cycling and philanthropy aspects of his appeal to users  , they might not capture his appeal to others who identify with and follow Armstrong because he is a famous American from Texas  , or because he is a cancer survivor.
We note that using some of the queryindependent document measures utilized here was shown in work on Web retrieval to be effective for ranking documents directly 3 . This is not the case for the non-ClueWeb settings where different statistics of the query-similarity values are among the top- 10 feature functions.
Music  , and Last.fm  , we discover that choosing unseen items with high ranking score given by the current training model as negative samples will not only significantly improve the rank biased performance measures effectiveness  , but also accelerate the model convergence efficiency. Through experiments conducted on three well-known large-scale CF datasets Netflix  , Yahoo!
WordNet  , on the other hand  , specifies a number of formal relations among concepts  , including hypernymy and meronymy. In addition  , like Flickr users  , they specify less formal relations  , mainly broader/narrower relations.
The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. Table 2shows k-means clustering results on the WebKB 4 Universities data set.
The situation is further complicated by the emergence of new players in the ecosystem: Content Delivery Networks CDNs  , e.g.  , Akamai 1 and Limelight 6  , and high-quality video streaming providers  , e.g.  , Netflix 7. This leads to the recent debate of network neutrality 26   , which reflects the ISPs' willingness to provide value-added and differentiated services and potentially charge content providers based on different levels of service quality.
The IMDB experiment faced the particular challenge that the data had very noisy links: on average a movie node was connected to almost 100 other nodes. The performance on the IMDB data set is shown in Table 3 and the results for the Wikipedia data set in Table 4.
Evaluating our approach against the SRbench benchmark dataset shows that social song tags turn out fairly adequate to match non-musical queries against— especially when 'filtered' through a tag co-occurrence index. We modeled folksonomically expressed associations as obtained from the IMDb and last.fm as search indices in an information retrieval scenario and considered various search index setups.
We present characteristics of the Flickr social network that are relevant to information propagation in Section 3. We describe our measurement methodology and introduce our data set in Section 2.
As the top ranked documents are mostly overlong  , the biase towards long documents in the document ranking could be so evident that the length distribution of relevant and non-relevant documents fits very well with the distribution functions on both training and testing topics. Out of the four test collections used  , ClueWeb B has the most incomplete relevance assessments  , for which only the top-10 documents returned by the TREC participating runs are judged by human assessors 6.
Since the ground truth—degree of collusion—of the online databases is unknown   , these evaluations are performed using controlled ranking functions on a data set of a million records from IMDB 2. We also performed a stand-alone ground truth evaluation of collusion and adjusted agreement.
To our surprise we found that many popular websites including Linkedin  , Blogspot  , IMDB  , CNN  , MSN  , eBay and Yahoo!  , do not properly invalidate session tokens on logout see Table 2for a complete list. To ensure that Session Juggler's secure logout effectively protects users we tested how web sites handle logout requests.
In this paper  , we focus on the Japanese illustration-sharing SNS  , Pixiv 2 . Many users are actively engaged in sharing visual content via social network sites SNSs such as YouTube  , Flickr  , and deviantART 1 .
RP abstractions are now well understood and properly supported in a variety of languages. Recently  , concepts from RP have been adopted in a number of front-end Javascript libraries like AngularJS.js  , Razor.js  , React  , Web frameworks like Scala Lift  , and by Microsoft's Reactive Extensions Rx  , popularized by the Netflix success story.
In our work  , we have crawled the Rotten Tomatoes 2 web site – which aggregates the opinions of movie critics from various media sources  , to obtain expert ratings of the movies in the Netflix data set. that include a quantitative rating  , it is feasible to crawl the web in order to gather expert ratings.
Mail  , Flickr  , YouTube  , and Google spreadsheets. To date  , we have implemented proxies for five popular Web services: Gmail  , Yahoo!
Such approaches consider the square loss or variants as a measure of prediction accuracy. Probabilistic matrix factorization type of approaches  , widespread especially after the Netflix challenge 6  , pose the problem of personalized recommendation as a rating prediction or matrix completion problem  , trying to predict the ratings of unrated items 1  , 19  , 25  , 31  , 33.
Furthermore  , with all folksonomies we are aware of  , the provider has access to any user-generated data. For example  , Flickr considers tags to be private if the tagged photos are private.
spam training examples  , we manually jugded sampled hostnames from the ClueWeb corpus and found another 75 spam hosts  , thus in total we have 371 positive spam examples with 10 or more documents. To boost the number of positive i.e.
However  , the search term M etallica returns many unrelated results 7 . – Example Search Terms: " Metallica " – Description: A user wants to search Flickr for images relating to a specific music artist.
Once the number of tags ν to be generated is fixed  , we sample  , for each iteration  , a level of the geo-tree and then a tag from the distribution associated to the corresponding node. The endpoints of the support of γ are based on the the minimum and maximum values observed in the Flickr dataset presented in Section 4.1  , such that an expected number of 18.8 × 10 6 tags will be generated   , similar to the quantity of tags available in the Flickr dataset.
Tuples 1 and 3 in Table 1and tuple 5 in Table 2match query Q1:Artificial Intelligence. Tables 1 and 2 show fragments of tables for the movies database IMDB  , www.imdb.com and bibliographical database DBLP  , dblp.uni-trier.de.
The neighborhood latent factor model 9 merged these two models and reported significant performance improvement on the Netflix data. Traditional CF techniques exploit past records of user behavior for future prediction based on either neighborhood based or latent factor based methods.
From their results  , anchortext words alone were slightly less powerful than the full-text alone  , and the combination was better. For example  , Blum and Mitchell 3  compared two classifiers for several computer science web pages from the WebKB dataset  , one for full-text  , and one for the words on the links pointing in to the target pages inbound anchortext.
The data collection is the English subset of ClueWeb category A  , which is ten times larger than last year. This year continues on the last year's main task 1: related entity finding REF  , but includes a few changes.
Again  , similar to the case for social actions  , this percentage is fairly constant throughout the evolution of the SRN in both Epinions and Flickr. Figure 4 b depicts the percentage of rating actions affected by social or correlational influence that are solely influenced by social influence denoted by ϕr ,1 versus total number of rating actions for Epinions and Flickr.
The score indicates the percentage of all documents in ClueWeb Category A that are presumably " spammier " than the document at hand. Specifically  , documents assigned by Waterloo's spam classi- fier 6 with a score below 70 and 50 for ClueA and ClueB  , respectively  , were filtered out from the initial corpus ranking described below.
Robust04 is a newswire collection  , while the rest are web collections. Four TREC collections  , Gov2  , Robust04  , ClueWeb Category B and Wt10g are used for experiments.
By CMU search engine  , we eased the job of getting information from the huge data set ClueWeb. By integrating some new methods we improved our system.
Overall  , we find relatively high rates of download failure for Youtube  , Netflix  , and Instagram videos. Understanding the user experience with regards to the network performance of these platforms can highlight areas of improvement in terms of network infrastructure and application design.
Furthermore  , the described game can be accessed and deployed as an open source project 4 . As a tangible outcome of this work  , a large-scale set of relevance judgements towards the T11Crowd subset of Clueweb was created and is available to the research community.
Many of the photos uploaded by users are geotagged  , thereby providing a wealth of geospatial data. One of our main data sources for user locations are Flickr 2 photos .
Our submissions utilised the Zettair search engine 1 to index and search the Category B subset of the ClueWeb collection used by the Web Track. RMIT participated in the 2009 Web Track tasks.
Based on the previously described data  , we measure how well the 169 experts predict the ratings of the 10  , 000 Netflix users. In the second experiment  , we measure the precision of the recommendation lists generated for the users.
As purposeful use requires access to the web in the moment  , users may choose to use devices with the lowest barrier to entry  , such as mobile phones  , especially if the activity is straightforward. Accordingly  , it can feature the use of search engines  , sites that collate specific types of information such as Yell and IMDB  , and sites from which one can turn to in search of a particular type of content  , such as child-friendly information.
Factorizationbased collaborative filtering approaches 3  , 9  , 19  , 17  , such as the regularized Singular Value Decomposition  , performed well on this competition. Research on collaborative filtering algorithms reached a peak due to the 1 million dollar Netflix movie recommendation competition.
De Choudhury 2009 investigated the prediction of group activity in Flickr groups using social actions between group members and Cox  , Clough  , and Siersdorfer 2011 characterized Flickr groups based on membership  , communication activity  , and structure . 2006; Kairam  , Wang  , and Leskovec 2012 and some work has been dedicated to understanding interactions in Flickr groups Nov  , Naaman  , and Ye 2008.
We built another version of the mashup that downloads the data directly from the Flickr web service using a cross-domain <script> tag.  Unsafe.
Given a collection of geo-tagged photos related to landscape with tags and locations in Flickr  , the desired geographical topics are landscape categories that are spatially coherent  , such as coast  , desert  , mountain  , etc. Example 2.
We have also validated the approach in a top-N recommendation setting . We have implemented this approach to predict ratings in the Netflix data set by looking at the ratings of 169 cinema critics  , obtaining comparable mean errors.
 TREC123-100col-bysource TREC123: 100 collections information sources were created from TREC CDs 1 ,2 and 3 4. The experiments were conducted on three datasets: two standard TREC datasets  , and one Wikipedia dataset for federated search based on the ClueWeb.
Industry-wise  , recommendation algorithms are now powering many popular online services  , including but not limited to movie recommendation at Netflix  , news recommendation at Yahoo !  , music recommendation at Spotify  , game recommendation at Copyright is held by the International World Wide Web Conference Committee IW3C2. In the past few years  , recommender systems have become extremely important and are applied in a variety of online applications .
Stvilia and Jorgensen 4 examined tagging and commenting over the Library of Congress Flickr photostream. Vaughn 7 includes an overview user annotation behavior as reported by institutions contributing to The Commons.
For example  , Blum and Mitchell 3  compared two classifiers for several computer science web pages from the WebKB dataset  , one for full-text  , and one for the words on the links pointing in to the target pages inbound anchortext. 1 Other works have proposed and/or utilized in-bound anchortext to help classify target web pages.
More recently  , fueled by the Netflix competition  , several improvements have been proposed including the use of regularized SVD 16  , and the idea of matrix factorization combined with neighborhoodbased methods 14. A probabilistic model for extracting low dimensional profiles is studies in 12   , in which latent variables are introduced to capture the users and items and the EM algorithm is used to estimate the parameters.
In total  , we have examined over 100 different networks  , including over 70 large real-world social and information networks   , making this  , to our knowledge  , the largest and most comprehensive study of such networks. In addition  , all of the networks are quite sparse— their densities range from an average degree of about 2.5 for the blog post network  , up to an average degree of about 400 in a network of movie ratings from Netflix 23—and most of the other networks  , including the purely social networks   , have average degree around 10 median degree of 6.
Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored. In a recommender system such as Netflix and Amazon  , users can browse items and choose those items they are interested in  , while the system would also recommend to Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page.
Our earlier work 20 has proposed a systematic estimation framework that approximates the selectivity of branching label paths with no value predicates over concise structural XSKETCHes  , and has described effective construction algorithms for building such synopses. Figure 1b depicts an example structural XSKETCH synopsis for the small IMDB data graph in Figure 1a.
Comparing to these datasets  , CCMR's advantage is its scale  , completeness and comprehensiveness. Book-Crossing  , EachMovie and MovieLens from GroupLens 2 and the Netflix dataset 1.
As shown in figures 2 and 9  , both the IMDB and sensor data sets illustrate how correlation of attributes can quickly cause the Anytime TA algorithm to climb to 100% confidence  , this can be accounted for by the fact that the correlation of data cause the the kM inScore and M axOthers groups to quickly diverge. Similarly in the case of the sensor data there is row-level correlation around temperature spikes with the majority of the readings being located around the average temperature for each sensor.
Evaluation on the MovieLens and Netflix data sets demonstrated the effectiveness of the new technique when the data is sparse  , by which we mean the ratio of related user-feature pairs to unrelated pairs is small. We showed that the new technique is theoretically more computationally efficient than the standard EM algorithm.
We use the resulted queries to retrieve passages from the Clueweb-B collection using the built-in passage retrieval functionality in Indri. We generate a query based on each question by stemming and removing stop words.
Here the cost-based BenP robe method showed its benefits. Because of the low document-level selectivity of path conditions on IMDB  , the structural constraint tests using range scans on the Elements table to get the pre/post codings were much more expensive than for INEX so that random access scheduling became very crucial.
The graph is bipartite and was built from the IMDB file relating movies and actresses. This task has even more cluster nesting than the previous one.
The dataset was obtained from the IMDB Website. Extensive experiments were conducted on the IMDB dataset to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed approach.
Users can establish directed social links by " following " other users to get updates on their activity. Flickr is a popular social platform for image sharing.
We have taken a random snapshot of Flickr consisting of 52 million photos to analyse how users tag their photos and what type of tags they are provid- ing. Tag behaviour in Flickr.
The second is the Internet Movie Database IMDB 2 . Our first data set is atmospheric data collected from several independent sensor locations in Washington and Oregon by the Department of Atmospheric Science at the University of Washington.
2009 has shown how Flickr groups might be meta-organized by their distributions of tags into latent topics  , while Prieur et al. Other work Negoescu et al.
These findings attest to the redundancy of feature functions when employing ClustMRF for the non-ClueWeb settings and to the lack thereof in the ClueWeb settings. Yet  , there was no statistically significant performance decrease for any of the top-10 feature functions for the non-ClueWeb settings.
After manually investigating them  , we found a total of 135 users in TWD that had tweeted their Flickr account and had posted at least 10 tweets and 5 images to Flickr. Among the tweets we found 3  , 260 with a " flickr.com " string 9 .
On the one hand  , user generated content constitutes a large fraction of the high-quality  , easily accessible content that makes the Web useful. like Y!Answers and TripAdvisor  , to reviews– product reviews on Amazon or movie reviews on IMDB and Y!Movies  , or Yelp reviews– all the way to content on blogs and social media like Facebook  , as well as comments on blogs and news articles as on Slashdot or Digg.
On the other hand  , mashup applications combine Web resources from more than one folksonomy based system into various integrated experience 11 . For example  , in April 2008 alone  , there are about 2.5 million photos geotagged 4 in Flickr.
The second step is optional. We made an additional run where Wikipedia pages without Clueweb links are retained in the ranking and a dummy Clueweb page is inserted in the result to make them the right format.
In order to do so  , we joined utilized information from two datasets DBpedia  , Netflix producing a proper dataset to be able to simulate user feedback on keyword search on RDF data. We defined a series of RDF-specific ranking function training features and used Ranking SVM to build personalization models.
In Table 3we present the performance of using each of the top-4 feature functions for the non-ClueWeb and ClueWeb settings by itself as a cluster ranking method. We demonstrated the merits of using such measures for ranking document clusters.
These involve in substantial research work for web scale mining process. With the advent of more location aware devices  , there is no doubt that the number of geo-tagged photos on Flickr and other sites grows rapidly.
We initially generated a wrapper for IMDb  , and then generated a wrapper for Art. In order to observe the effect of reverse training  , we used the IMDb website  , which favors such extraction scenarios.
Thus we only return results from a 30% fraction of the ClueWeb that have the lowest " probability " of being spam pages. For all three runs we removed results from the ranked lists that have spam ranks smaller than 70% meaning that at most 70% of the ClueWeb have a higher probability of being spam according to the spam rank list provided by the University of Waterloo 4 .
These systems also serve as effective tools to help users in finding useful information and overcoming the problem of information overload. Many famous online vendors such as Amazon and Netflix leverage recommender systems to advertise products to customers.
We gather a random sample of ∼7M geo-referenced Flickr pictures within the bounding box of Central London. Flickr Data.
Furthermore  , the soft cluster assignment finds similarities in cases when a user posts from two close by zip codes in her Flickr and her Twitter account. Clusters have higher accuracy because they capture population densities.
Though this data does not have multiple sources  , many of the same methods used to rank products and merchants will still hold for Netflix movies. Netflix is a narrower space of reviews: it consists of users rating movies from 1-5 stars.
Since we have not submitted a fulltext search run to the TREC  , a large amount of the results in this run would be unjudged  , and the results would be underestimated . Unfortunately  , we cannot compare the runs to a baseline of full-text search on the ClueWeb collection.
One of the favourable aspects of randomly sampling pages is that the probability of relevance is unaffected 18. However  , since ClueWeb B is assumed to be a subset of Tier 1 of a Web search index  , based on a large number of seed URLs  , we expect that the composition of any sample of the ClueWeb B collection approximates the composition of the full collection.
Additionally  , the links to the Clueweb collection from the 'Infobox' and 'External links' section of Wikipedia may be sparse  , but the precision of the linked Clueweb pages is very high. Using Wikipedia as a pivot works well for finding primary Wikipedia pages.
To address spam effects in ClueWeb  , we filtered out the spammiest documents from the result lists those assigned a spam score below 50 by Waterloo's clas- sifier 4 and retained the original ranking for the residual corpus. spam 6.
The IMdb dataset contains information about movies and films  , whereas the Amazon dataset contains product information about DVDs and VHS Videos. The IMdb and Amazon datasets are retrieved from www.imdb.com and www.amazon.com 23  , and then transformed into RDF.
We also examined the top ranked features by expected entropy loss from the full-text of the WebKB dataset categories of courses and faculty. A search for " internet service provider " returned only Earthlink in the top 10.
Plenty of IR techniques that have been tested successfully in general IR on large collections such as clueweb and legal track  , are yet to be evaluated on the medical dataset 4. Prior to Medical TREC  , IR community had a minimal access to clinical data  , however  , medical context had more popularity amongst the Natural Language Processing NLP researchers.
Figure 1shows the latter approach  , where the user adds a Flickr image via drag & drop into his group about the " Travel to WWW 2008 conference " . users can either create groups while browsing the web via bookmarklet  , or they use integrated search engines like Flickr or Google to search for content that they like to add to a group.
For the IMDB data set  , we extracted a list totaling 863 ,049 titles. The IMDB database is composed of more than 860 ,000 titles and details about each.
Within 4-hops  , our seed nodes reached on average 1 ,563 ,500 nodes  , which is nearly 36% of our entire Flickr social network. Increasingly  , more nodes are reached as we increase the neighborhood boundary .
Therefore  , we use the total number of views of a photo and the cumulative time spent on the photo as an aggregate measure of attention that a generic Web user  , whether or not logged into Flickr  , devotes to that image. Users not logged into Flickr as well as Flickr users who do not actively give feedback on photos  , implicitly express their interest in specific photos by visiting the pages that contain them and by spending time on them.
On the Netflix data  , this means a reduction of over 40 hours for one E-step  , and the resulting computation takes less than 4 hours. In total we get a reduction of N P M i=1 |Oi| 2 + N 2 M multiplication operations.
The final ClueWeb- CQA CW-CQA set of queries and relevance judgments was produced after some additional filtering to deal with issues such as spam. We then reduced this set to include only questions whose answers contained links  , where the links pointed to documents in the ClueWeb09 collection.
For each movie  , we collected its daily gross revenues in the US starting from the release date till four weeks after the release. We manually collected the gross box office revenue data for the 30 movies from the IMDB website 4 .
Flickr: The Flickr undirected graph 24  consists of friendship relations between users on the popular image site flickr.com. Based on the content of their tweets  , users were assigned to zero or more groups from a set of 27 predefined groups e.g.  , politics and sports.
Currently we have partly implemented Phase 4 of FLOR Semantic Aggregation  and only the SubClass case of Related C from the query mechanism. The first prototype has been implemented and evaluated on a dataset from Flickr.
MovieLens is collected from users of MovieLens website 2 . Netflix is the training data set for the Netflix Prize competition .
First  , the 81 human-assigned categories available in this dataset enable us to undertake quantitative evaluation of prism. We use this dataset instead of original Flickr images due to the following reasons.
These findings  , along with the formal analysis  , help to explain the poor prediction quality of Clarity over ClueWeb. Our empirical analysis shows that the diversity of the result list has a negative correlation with retrieval performance for older TREC benchmarks and a positive correlation for the new ClueWeb collection.
Thus  , we now turn to explore ClustMRF's performance when employed over a document ranking that is already based on using query-independent document measures. The analysis presented in Section 4.2.2 demonstrated the effectiveness — especially for the ClueWeb settings — of using feature functions that utilize query-independent document measures.
This model implements the architecture proposed by 21 with 5 convolutional layers followed by 3 fully-connected layers and was pre-trained on 1.2 million ImageNet ILSVRC2010 images. To extract a visual feature vector fi for each item i in the above datasets  , we employ a pre-trained convolutional neural network  , namely the Caffe reference model 15  , which has previously been demonstrated to be useful at capturing the properties of images of this type 26.
For the IMDB dataset  , SAJ was very much affected by the number of selection conditions. The average join cardinality of the join was 10.
These numbers show that the worst case scenarios described in Section 4.6 are not realized in these data sets. For IMDB  , propagate performs about 58 times faster  , while for ODP  , it is 82 times faster.
An SVD model with alternating least square optimization was proposed in 5. Variations of MF models are becoming very popular for their good performances on standard rating prediction tasks such as Netflix challenge.
The data was enriched with additional heterogeneous data such as posters and movie ratings of the Internet Movie Database IMDB. Our test data was based on a copy of the library stock of the Mediothek  , a department of the library of the University of Konstanz.
For some shows these websites list several variations of the main title. We Figure 1: Overview of our bootstrapping method collect a list of TV show titles from IMDB 1 and TV.com 2 .
The maximum time spent on entropy computation for a table is 12.1 minutes and the longest summary information construction time is 11.3 hours. We have used the query workload from 3 containing 40 queries for IMDB and 25 queries for DBLP.
We therefore include in the graph also the nodes representing accesses to Flickr from external websites  , derived from the ReferrerURL bute of the first pageview of a session. Modeling access from the Web i.e.  , domains different from Flickr is important to detect the most frequently accessed entities from external sources.
The images corresponding to these labels in the ImageNet form the training data in the source domain. As a result  , each concept in the domain of personal photos can be mapped to the closest label in the ImageNet.
It can also be submitted to any of the thousands of special-interest groups Flickr users have created to share photos on a given topic. A photo can be part of multiple sets.
Through experiments conducted on three well-known large-scale CF datasets Netflix  , Yahoo! Based on our hypothesis  , we develop our sampling strategies.
Similar to this challenge  , in this paper the " engagement " is computed as the total number of retweets and favorites that a tweet has gained. According to the importance of user engagement evaluation and its influences on recommender systems  , ACM Recommender Systems Challenge 2014 1 focused on ranking IMDb tweets of each user based on their engagements.
For Gov the chart is based on the original  , tf*idf-derived  , scores. Figures 3 and 4 show the performance results for the five algorithms under comparison for the Gov and the Imdb settings  , respectively.
Multi-tag queries are formed by adding tags to single-tag queries. Since information related to most frequent queries on Flickr is not publicly available  , we use a subset of frequent tags in Flickr 5 as a proxy for single-tag queries.
In particular   , we choose xQuAD redundancy-based and PM-2 proportionality-based simply because they have been demonstrated to be effective on the ClueWeb collection  , which we also use to conduct experiments. In this paper  , we compare term level diversification to the topic level counterpart using both frameworks.
In addition to book retail websites  , IMDB http://www.imdb.com/ and Wikipedia http://www.wikipedia.org/ were used to get more detailed background information about the Harry Potter novel series. Barnes and Noble http://www.barnesandnoble.com were utilized for verification.
This paper presents the TopX algorithm and its implementation in a prototype search engine for ranked retrieval of XML  , supporting the NEXI language of the INEX benchmark 24 and extending search along all XPath axes with IR-style search conditions.  The paper provides an extensive performance evaluation on various real-life  , fairly large datasets: the INEX benchmark  , the IMDB structured movie database  , and the TREC 2004 Terabyte track.
External links on entity pages are split into two parts  , the first external link is a home page  , the other links are usually informational pages. We match the urls of the existing external links on the Wikipedia pages with the urls in the Clueweb collection.
More importantly  , when comparing the results of the two ground truth versions  , we find that the Flickr-based ground truth evaluation underestimates the accuracy of the evaluation in the 10m range by a large degree: while 5.7% of test items were placed within 10m of the Flickr-based ground truth  , 12.2% of images were placed within the 10m range when considering the highly accurate corrected ground truth. As in previous work  , we find that geo-filtering improves the accuracy considerably.
For instance  , in the Netflix Prize  , Rooted Mean Squared Error RMSE is used to measure the accuracy of rating predictions. The performance of recommender systems is evaluated by how accurately a system can predict these values.
We started with a randomly selected Flickr user and followed all of the friends links in the forward direction in a breadth first search fashion. In order to collect the state of the social network  , we crawled a significant subset of the Flickr online social network.
We started with the complete collections of 3 ,000 owners that offered a large fraction of their collections under the Creative Commons license for use with attribution. We selected photo collections from Flickr that met certain criteria.
To compute precision and recall  , we first compared the extracted instances automatically with an external knowledge base  , the Tipster Gazetteer for locations and the Internet Movie Database IMDB for actors and films. This ratio tends to be very high or very low  , giving probabilities of nearly 1.0 or nearly 0.0. score thresholds as Boolean features to assign a probability to each extraction  , with the system selecting the best five discriminator phrases as described in Section 2.3.
 WebKB 4 Universities Data WebKB: This data set contains 8  , 282 web pages collected in 1997 from computer science departments of various universities  , which were manually categorized into seven categories such as student  , faculty  , and department. The New York Times annotated corpus was a relatively new development and had not been extensively adopted for clustering experi- ments.
The dataset size did not affect the performance of algorithm SAJ very much. For the IMDB dataset  , the running time of the four algorithms increased as the dataset size increased.
By checking the photos annotated with " fleshy " in Flickr website  , we found that only 0.00003% photos were tagged by " fleshy. Although terms like " fleshy " are missing in our structure  , it is actually rarely used by users.
Insofar  , we predicted the performance of language-modelbased retrieval. Furthermore  , in some cases for ClueWeb  , the Wikipediabased predictors outperform the corpus-based predictors.
Open tagging systems like Flickr have continuously evolving vocabularies. Finally  , we have shown that our system is particularly good at recommending locations  , artifacts and objects.
This coincides with the pool of available users changing in time. Note that indeed  , U i changes for every movie i  , as the actual available ratings differ from one movie to another in the Netflix dataset.
Our results go beyond prior work by not relying on more obvious  , user-chosen information e.g.  , usernames 4 and by evaluating the power of the correlation in real-world scenarios. For our study  , we collected data from the three social networks Twitter  , Flickr and Yelp  , including extensive ground truth of 13 ,629 users with accounts on both Twitter and Flickr and 1 ,889 users with accounts on both Twitter and Yelp.
One possible explanation for these observations is provided. On ClueWeb  , the performance drops when more than the top 20 queries are used.
11  proposed a tag co-occurrence recommendation strategy to support users annotating photos on Flickr. Photo Tag Recommendation PTR: Sigurbjornsson et al.
To incorporate a number of popular online services  , we have implemented crawlers for Dropbox  , Google Drive  , Facebook and Flickr. To capture file system events  , we make use of the Java 7 File API NIO.2.
The result demonstrates that the proposed approach outperforms state-of-the-art CF solutions in maximizing the exposure-stratified recall. We have conducted the experiments on MovieLens and Netflix data.
The analysis presented in Section 4.2.2 demonstrated the effectiveness — especially for the ClueWeb settings — of using feature functions that utilize query-independent document measures. Heretofore  , we studied the performance of ClustMRF when used to re-rank the MRF initial list.
All the experiments in this work are conducted on a dataset comprising 50  , 000 images collected from Flickr.   , tn  , the N DCG is computed as
As a rough comparison of throughput with 11  , using their published numbers we note that their algorithm on average took 72 seconds per a single iteration over the Netflix data that has 100 Million non-zero entries using 64 machines with 50 factors a throughput of 21.7K entries per machine per second. Second  , several of the algorithms proposed for distributed collaborative filtering would not be as effective for graph factorization as the rows and columns share the same factors which limits the admissible permutations for block-based optimization algorithms such as 11.
First  , we build a dataset from real world comments harvested from Flickr Commons. The mean Kappa score for all comments is above the score of 86%  , indicating almost perfect agreement for the usefulness inference between coders.
It is impractical to manually rate a large number of these users  , in the experiments we followed the sophisticated standard from the Internet Movie Database IMDB 3 . Since there is no explicit user-supplied expertise ranking data in the two forums  , we need to generate a " gold standard " as the ground truth for evaluation.
We do not apply any frequency filter as this dataset is more sparse than YouTube. Flickr 26 ,815 images: We follow the same collection method as in the YouTube case  , using the same ten queries.
Internet-based services currently supported include Facebook  , Flickr  , Twitter  , Picasa  , Wikipedia  , del.ico.us  , MSN Money  , and any user-specified RSS feed. First  , users can collaboratively create information hierarchies  , and second  , SI draws from existing social media information sources.
While Flickr popularity is rising   , the number of geo-referenced photos is still relatively low. The Flickr dataset is rather new  , and presents a number of additional challenges.
In this scenario  , she has 60% chance of finding the Twitter account The comparison of Figures 2a and 2bshows that the accuracy of matching accounts from Flickr to Twitter is higher than from Yelp to Twitter. Consider now the scenario used in our experiments  , where an attacker wishes to identify the Twitter account of one given Flickr user in the San Francisco area using only location information.
The datasets do not only remain incredibly sparse  , but they also do not stabilise; recommender systems continuously have to make decisions based on incomplete and changing data  , and the range of the changes we observe in the Netflix data have a strong impact on the predictability of ratings. What do we learn from observing these changes ?
Runs were generated using a customised version of the Zettair search engine which was adapted to deal with the large scale ClueWeb collection. No stopping was used.
With a large feature space e.g.  , with 30  , 000 features for WebKB  , unrelated documents were likely to be grouped together because of irrelevant common terms  , leading to a large number of false positive hence lower precision. In terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision  , there exists an inflection point around N f = 1000  , where optimal clustering results were achieved.
All the Web pages are classified into seven categories: student  , faculty  , staff  , department  , course  , project  , and other. The WebKB dataset comprises of the WWW-pages collected from computer science departments of various universities in January 1997 by the World Wide Knowledge Base Web->Kb project of the CMU text learning group.
Flickr does not enforce any specific rules about how to organize photos in sets and collections or how to name them. It can also be submitted to any of the thousands of special-interest groups Flickr users have created to share photos on a given topic.
In Figure 1  , the length curves have been cut when the document length is large than 1500 in x−axis in order to visualize the difference between the relevant and non-relevant document length because the long documents have low frequencies to be emerged in test collections. Figure 1shows the distributional pattern of relevant and non-relevant document length for the test collections disk1&2  , .GOV2  , WT10G and ClueWeb B respectively using kernel density estimation with the standard normal kernel function .
We track the groups that users form on Flickr and retrospectively recreate their historical states over extended periods of growth. We conduct experiments using a large-scale data collection from Flickr.
However  , when users contribute their photographs  , these may be associated with slightly different latitudes and longitudes. In Flickr  , a cluster is a group of photographs in the search results with the exact latitude and longitude.
The capture time is usually available from data embedded in the photo file by most digital cameras. Location and time metadata is available for roughly fourteen million public Flickr photos at the time this paper was written.
Next  , we describe the algorithm and the way in which we adapted it to the Flickr BrowseGraph. In the context of Flickr  , time spent on a photo could be a good indicator of interest by the user.
First  , we describe user-specified relations  , and how they are used on Flickr Section 2. The contributions of this paper are three-fold.
In this paper  , motivated by the scenario described above   , we investigate the factors that affect image ranking by performing an in-depth analysis of the results of several ranking algorithms taking into account both internal i.e.  , within Flickr and external i.e.  , links from outside the Flickr domain factors. One of the key questions is thus what the impact of those external and internal factors is on ranking and selection of content.
Unlike the first two purchase log data sets  , Netflix consists of user rating logs of movies with multi-valued ratings. id  , user id  , rating  , and timestamp.
We also evaluated the performance of SimFusion+ on D- BLP and WEBKB datasets. This is because SimFusion+ uses UAM to encode the intra-and inter-relations in a comprehensive way  , thus making the results unbiased.
GBM  , which was a critical component of the winning 'Netflix Grand Prize' solution 26 ,27  , has been used for a variety of biological and medical machine learning problems  , including deciphering the tissue-specific splicing code 28 and predicting clinical outcomes in osteoporosis 29. We selected and adapted the gradient boosting machine GBM algorithm 24  , in part because of its suitability for learning problems where only a small fraction of features examined are informative 25  , and because of the ability to perform stochastic sampling of training examples  , which is well suited to the problem of finding the most likely genes explaining the association signal at GWA loci.
Because of space limitations  , we present in detail the results derived by the better performing content-based classifier for the different data sets and briefly explain how the other one behaves on the corresponding set. Due to the features space exploited for each data set as well as the nature of both content-based classifiers  , NB classifier outperforms SVM on the IMDB and DBLP data sets  , while SVM shows better performance than NB on the Wikipedia set.
The pictures were collected by a group of students studying information science. For our experimental evaluation we selected about 500 pictures with animals on it from Flickr.
We have conducted experiments on two real-world datasets  , WebKB 1 and 20NG 2   , to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed NGD kernel for text classification using SVMs. This observation has not been reported before.
we are looking at tags on Flickr 1  , a popular photo-sharing web site with support for user-contributed tags and georeferenced or  , geotagged  photos. Specifically  , * Nathan and Tye are also affiliated with UC Berkeley.
For each data set we identified all topics with sufficiently many documents. Horror vs. Western " for imdb data or " rec.autos vs. rec.motorcycles vs. rec.sport.hockey " for the newsgroups data.
Groups  , and collect photos related to the suggestions from Flickr. For example  , a user may want to collect Sydney's attractions and restaurants suggested by her friends in Yahoo!
From the comparisons with the LM baseline  , one can see that QLM-UNI outperforms LM significantly  , with relative improvements in MAP going up to 12.1% in the case of WT10g collection and 19.2% for the ClueWeb-B collection. Finally  , the results endorse that our QLM does not need an engineered estimation of superposition weights to perform well.
We then describe the process of collection of the aesthetics scores through crowdsourcing  §4. After a review of the related work  §2  , we touch upon the popularity skew in Flickr  §3.
To copy otherwise  , or republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. We conduct clustering experiments on eight data sets with three different types of link information including one set from DBLP1  , one in WebKBhttp://www.cs.cmu.edu/~webkb/  , two from CORA14  , and four others using pseudo link information Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page.
For each image   , the collection contains a thumbnail image  , a link to a corresponding entry at the Flickr web site  , user-specified metadata title  , GPS location  , tags  , comments  , etc. It consists of metadata extracted from the Flickr photo sharing system.
For a more intuitive understanding  , Table 2 shows tags closest  , in terms of cosine similarity  , to 'grass' and 'hair' in the Google based and Flickr based semantic spaces  , respectively. As shown in Table 1  , the Flickr-based word2vec model consistently outperforms its Wikipeida and Google counterparts under varied settings.
Throughout the paper  , we use the news item Click Through Rate CTR to measure the user fatigue since CTR is an effective and intuitive metric to reflect a user's interest on the presented recommendations 2 . Moreover  , although the " item " we study in this paper refers to news items  , it could be generalized to other types of items as well  , like movies in Netflix recommendation  , persons in LinkedIn people recommendation   , ads in online advertising platforms  , etc.
574K photos for Manhattan and 227K photos for Taipei from Flickr. Travel.
Our prototype  , tested on DBLP 1   , IMDB 2   , and a subset of US Patents 3   , shows that Bidirectional search can execute at interactive speeds over large graphs with over 20 million nodes and edges  , on an ordinary desktop PC. Experiments: We have implemented the Bidirectional search algorithm as part of the BANKS system  , and present a performance study comparing it with the Backward expanding search 3.
We implemented our approach by modifying Mallet 2   , which also handles hyper-parameter optimizations. For Flickr  , the number of aspects was set to 1000  , tuned on a validation subset of images.
The best performing model obtained a MAP of 10.91. In order to get a more comprehensive view on such issues  , we trained on the entire set of ClueWeb-B topics three versions of MRF-FD-U  , each obtained by clamping a different value of l ∈ {1  , 2  , 4}.
We provided a " have not seen " button so users could voluntarily decide which movies to rate. The selection was done by using a stratified random sample on the movie popularity curve: we divided the 500  , 000 Netflix movies into 10 equal-density bins and random sampled 10 movies from each bin.
Also  , for the IMDB network  , uniform sampling estimation required almost 3 times more samples than required by degree sampling estimation 0.3% vs. 0.8% to ensure a normalized absolute error of less than 10%. In particular  , for the synthetic network  , uniform sampling estimation requires 5 times as many samples as required by degree sampling estimation 0.5% vs. 2.5%  , to ensure a normalized absolute estimation error of less than 5%.
The models were trained and fine-tuned using the deep learning framework Caffe 12. Due to the relatively small amount of available training data  , we have adapted a pre-trained CNN classification model GoogleNet 22 trained on ImageNet 8 to the new GDR concept lexicon using our multi-label CNN extension and performed a fine-tuning on the GDR television recordings.
Table 10shows top ten most informative words for each class in the WebKB dataset  , selected using Information Gain. Similarly  , in the WebKB dataset  , for the student class the words " uci "   , " espn "   , " nba " are the top three most informative words.
We also list the basic statistics in Table 2for the length of relevant and non-relevant documents on each of the four test collections. In contrast  , there is only one mode that arises on WT10G  , .GOV2 and ClueWeb B.
In World Explorer 17   , tags associated with geo-tagged photographs derived from Flickr are analyzed and displayed in a map-based visualization tool. These are TagMaps -World Explorer referred to as World Explorer henceforth and Flickr.
The relationships between tags were exploited to suggest highly co-occurring tags. proposed a tag recommendation strategy to support users annotating photos on Flickr 7.
Lastly  , Survey 3 S3 recommended movies that were randomly selected from the Netflix dataset: the recommendation process included full diversity  , but was very unlikely to recommend popular movies. Each week  , approximately seven of the previous week's ten recommendations would be replaced by other movies in the top-100 box office list.
We conduct a qualitative evaluation of our approach and demonstrate its effectiveness when compared to an existing map-based search system supported by Flickr. 3.
A user can unilaterally declare and point to any other user as a friend in Flickr  , i.e.  , friends links are unidirectional. We construct the Flickr social graph such that each node represents a Flickr user and edges between nodes represent friend links.
de-anonymized Netflix movie ratings 3. Likewise  , Narayanan et al.
In order to guarantee that there are adequate number of ratings per user for training and testing  , we removed those users who have rated less than 20 items from these datasets. The ratings in Movielens-1M and Netflix are on a scale from 1 to 5  , while the EachMovie rating scale is from 1 to 6.
This algorithm can be regarded as a state-of-the-art algorithm. It is a model-based collaborative filtering CF algorithm proposed by the winning team in the Netflix competition 1   , which is designed for improving the prediction accuracy of the Netflix movie recommender system.
The SphereSearch Engine is fully implemented in Java using Oracle10g as an underlying data manager . Wikipedia in combination with structured data from IMDB  , and 4. the DBLP data31  converted to XML in combination with href links to researcher homepages and further Web pages about projects  , courses  , etc.
Likewise  , the composition of streaming media mirrors that of the U.S.  , where Netflix accounts for 60% of streaming media. This is consistent with streaming media usage in the rest of the U.S.  , where streaming media accounts for 34- 50% of peak traffic bandwidth 6.
This demonstrates the effectiveness of feature weighting. Thus the proposed method agrees well with IMDB recommendation and in this regard it outperforms pure content based method.
Currently  , tagging is becoming a common phenomenon in various web services such as Flickr 3 and de.licio.us 2. Another example of a use case for a web-based front-end is searching for services and their tags.
It consists of approximately 3.2 million Flickr images and 10  , 000 Flickr videos. The MediaEval Placing Task data set is a benchmark that tackles the same question we address in this work  , namely the estimation of the geographic location of an uploaded Flickr item.
For instance  , content may propagate more quickly and widely in a push-based system  , compared to the pullbased system used in Flickr. Second  , we are interested in developing tools and features in Flickr that can enable the full viral spread that the theory suggests is possible.
In 2009  , we decided therefore that finding associations between entities would be a more challenging one in terms of modeling and also a more manageable one from a test collection building perspective than finding associations between entities and topics  , and defined the Related Entity Finding REF task Balog et al.  , 2010. We have to also consider that many entity queries could have very large answer sets e.g.  , " actors playing in hollywood movies " ; extra problematic with corpora the size of ClueWeb.
frontpage highlights |O| = 4 hot news for each browser. For example  , Netflix recommends |O| = 7 movies for each visit  , and Yahoo!
18 extract events and place semantics from Flickr tags based on geographical and temporal metadata attached to images. Rattenbury et al.
For the IMDB dataset  , the running time of the four algorithms increased as the dataset size increased. On each query we used four selection conditions two on each dataset and the cardinality of the join was 10  , i.e.  , each record in R joins with 10 S records on average.
Book-Crossing  , EachMovie and MovieLens from GroupLens 2 and the Netflix dataset 1. As this task has been heavily studied  , there also exist several well assembled datasets  , e.g.
To address the above issues  , we present a novel transfer deep learning approach with ontology priors to tag personal photos. On the other  , although ImageNet 6 can provide accurate supervised information  , the two significant gaps  , i.e.  , the semantic distribution and visual appearance gaps between the two domains pose grand challenges to personal photo tagging.
In terms of how the average rating is distributed  , we see that experts show greater variability per movie than per user: while experts tend to behave similarly in terms of their average rating  , their overall opinion Figure 4: Per movie a and user b standard deviation std in Netflix and Rotten Tomatoes on the movies is more varied. Note that in this case  , only 10% of the users have a mean score ≤ 0.55 and another 10% ≥ 0.7.
In fact  , more pre-processing steps seem to be necessary to allow identifying meaningful categories in Flickr. This may be due to the distinct purposes of the two systems.
b Running time of MLR-MCL on Flickr The CODICIL framework  , in contrast  , alleviates both problems. naive Bayes classifier "   , " support vector machine "   , and so on.
world data collections were used in our experiments: GOV and IMDB. The queries in these Overlap benchmarks were queries involving t terms  , t = 2 ,. ,10  , with each query selecting randomly t index lists from the set of 10.
The keyword-based queries that drive the crawl are also an indicative description of each category. Although the WebKB documents have link information we disregarded this fact in the training phase and choose to treat them only as textual data but for the testing phase we took into account both textual and linking information.
In order to validate our approach  , we set up two different experiments: in the first experiment  , we measure the mean error and coverage of the predicted recommendations. Based on the previously described data  , we measure how well the 169 experts predict the ratings of the 10  , 000 Netflix users.
The distribution of source sizes is also shown in Figure 1. In the end  , we constructed 100 information sources for the testbed ClueWeb-Wiki  , with statistics provided in Table 2.
We have adopted Combinatorial Hodge Theory based approach towards rank aggregation. Results on a synthetic and the Netflix dataset illustrate the efficacy of their method.
Traditional research in recommender systems aims to find right items to recommend to a user. Host of academic and industrial incarnations of recommender systems exists in domains such as movies Netflix  , music Pandora  , e-commerce product recommendations eBay  , Amazon.
The Netflix Prize announced the success of these improvements. which are serial models originated from the basic Matrix Factorization MF model 1  , are augmented by integrating user and item biases  , implicit feedback of users  , and temporal effects respectively in calculating predicted ratings.
Our results are  , in term of both efficiency and accuracy  , comparable or superior to the stateof-the-art performance achieved by low-rank matrix factorization methods. We applied the two proposed algorithms to the EachMovie data matrix of size 74  , 424 × 1  , 648 users × movies and the Netflix data matrix of size 480  , 189 × 17  , 770  , the two largest public benchmarks to date.
rankings. Bottom The query frequencies of instagram and imdb according to Google Trends.
Flickr http://www.flickr.com is a popular photo sharing site which hosts about 2 billion images. Tags are usually the best resource for finding or organizing pictures  , both personal ones and pictures taken by
This pre‐ processing stripped HTML and markup tags from each document  , leaving behind meta‐data such as alt values from image tags and some scripting values from languages like Javascript. Before the ClueWeb data collection was indexed  , we pre‐processed the WARC files from the collection into plain text documents associated with the corresponding TREC IDs.
For the ClueWeb settings the feature functions are ordered as follows: max-sw2  , max-sw1  , maxqsim   , geo-qsim  , max-spam  , geo-sw2  , min-icompress  , min- sw2  , geo-sw1  , min-sw1  , min-qsim  , stdv-qsim  , max-pr  , mindsim  , min-entropy  , max-entropy  , min-spam  , geo-icompress  , geo-entropy  , max-icompress  , geo-spam  , geo-pr  , geo-dsim  , minpr   , max-dsim. For the non-ClueWeb settings  , the feature functions  , in descending order of attributed importance  , are: stdv-qsim  , max-sw2  , geo-qsim  , min-sw2  , max-sw1  , max-qsim  , min-dsim  , geo-sw2  , min-icompress  , min-qsim  , min-sw1  , geo-icompress  , max-dsim  , geo-dsim  , max-icompress  , geo-entropy  , min-entropy  , geo-sw1  , max-entropy.
How many photos did respondents report sharing ? Photo-sharing encompasses a range of practices  , from sending a friend a few cell phone photos to maintaining a professional Flickr site or posting dozens of Facebook albums.
We construct the Flickr social graph such that each node represents a Flickr user and edges between nodes represent friend links. We begin by examining the degree distributions of the 2.5 million users.
The photos were retrieved from the dataset of geotagged photos available on Flickr 8. To evaluate the system's performance  , we use a set of over 110 ,000 geo-referenced photos from the San Francisco area.
These three datasets are representative for our Web scenario because a vertical search application running one of these datasets e.g. The IMdb dataset contains information about movies and films  , whereas the Amazon dataset contains product information about DVDs and VHS Videos.
In general  , there are three main types of error that reduce reliability: measurement error  , specification error  , and sampling error. Without reliable measures of night activity on Flickr  , of the presence of specific Foursquare places  , and of the presence of Flickr photo tags  , we cannot test our hypotheses.
We choose Flickr network as it is much denser than the Youtube network. the percentage of links on the Flickr network.
Average percentile of order statistic: One issue with aggregating across several review sites is the different scales used in ratings. However  , it may be useful for the Netflix ratings where authors are comparatively prolific.
3shows the TagNSearch user interface which is a mash-up using Google Maps and our dataset of Flickr photographs. Fig.
1 http://ilps.science.uva.nl/trec-entity/guidelines/guidelines-2010/ 2 http://bit.ly/entity2011-guidelines  Groups that generate results using Web Search Engines are required to submit an obligatory run  , using the Lemur ClueWeb Online Query Service. The target type is extracted from the narrative and is always given in singular form.
The only demand was that these pictures were taken from Flickr. There were no restrictions regarding the selection of images  , the students were encouraged to choose pictures by random and not by means of felt emotions.
The resource ranking shows that Web 2.0 web sites like Slashdot  , Wikipedia  , Flickr  , and a del.icio.us related blog appear in top positions. to a ranking based on counting edge degrees.
4.1  , we crawl a large number of user-contributed photos from Flickr as the first main portion. As mentioned in Sec.
To test the validity of this new test collection  , the relative effectiveness of some well-known benchmark retrieval models is evaluated and compared. The final ClueWeb- CQA CW-CQA set of queries and relevance judgments was produced after some additional filtering to deal with issues such as spam.
The movie database used in our recommendation system consists of 3 × 10 5 random movies downloaded from the IMDB. Each movie is described by 13 features Table 1.
Fürnkranz also reported a significant improvement in classification accuracy when using the link-based method as opposed to the full-text alone 7  on 1 ,050 pages of the WebKB corpus 2   , although adding the entire text of " neighbor documents " seemed to harm the ability to classify pages 3. The experimental results on an encyclopedia corpus that contains hyperlinks validate their algorithms .
The main part of figure 1shows a visualized network around flickr. In this graph  , vetexes and edges represent nodes and links respectively.
The ClueWeb 09 and 12 collections took approximately two and three days to index and resulted in 240GB and 350GB signatures indexes. A mid-range machine like this can be purchased for around 5 ,000 USD.
In order to correctly map photos to neighborhoods   , we only focus on photos whose accuracy level exceeds neighborhood level. Flickr associates an accuracy level with each geotagged photo that ranges from 1 world level to 16 street level.
Flickr group is a collection of images created by users with certain common interest.  Flickr group recommendation.
via the Wikipedia's external link to the IMDb movie page  , it would not matter which page Chrissie uses as the movie identifier. If both pages are known to refer to the same movie  , e.g.
Users not logged into Flickr as well as Flickr users who do not actively give feedback on photos  , implicitly express their interest in specific photos by visiting the pages that contain them and by spending time on them.  Collective attention.
To capture the dynamics of friends' relationships  , we launched a complete crawl of the social network graph once per day. Our snowball sample is part of a large weakly connected component of the entire Flickr network that is reachable from the seed user; we call our sampled data the Flickr social network graph.
After the links were collected  , they were checked for validity. The only demand was that these pictures were taken from Flickr.
From a query-by-query analysis  , we noticed that QLM-IDF increases the performance for noisy queries by promoting the most " important " terms in unnecessary subsets. However  , this is not the case for ClueWeb-B.
For example  , the first storage mapping shown in Fig- ure 3  , which is what would have been generated by previous heuristic approaches  , inlines several fields that are not present in all the data  , making the Show relation wider than necessary. Figure 2: Sample IMDB Document well without taking the application i.e.  , a query workload and data statistics into account.
Make the content available to the public by uploading it to a website like Flickr  , Blogspot  , or YouTube. I don't publish anything. "
These images  , ever increasing in numbers at an unprecedented rate  , comprise a rich and useful cyber data-source for the physical world. Facebook and Flickr to an enormous audience.
Alice is also very active on the social Web  , having among others a Flickr and a Twitter account which she uses regularly to stay in touch with friends and family. Alice visited Vancouver and Seattle.
This dataset 3 is an extension of MovieLens dataset  , which links movies from MovieLens with their corresponding IMDb webpage and Rotten Tomatoes review system. Movie.
However  , since Heritrix does not support distributed crawling unlike Nutch  , it was necessary to add a post-processing step to remove duplicate pages crawled by different Heritrix instances. Having observed ClueWeb switched crawlers from Nutch 12 in 2009 to Heritrix in 2012  , we conducted pilot evaluations with both and ultimately selected Heritrix due to reliability and ease of use and modification.
Entity List Completion ELC addresses essentially the same task as REF does: finding entities that are engaged in a specific relation with an input entity. 2  A number of entity homepages i.e.  , ClueWeb docIDs are made available as part of the topic definition  , as examples of known relevant answers.
Clustering the ClueWeb 09 and 12 signatures took approximately 15 and 20 hours. The EM-tree processes these document signatures to produce document clusters.
Examples of social-community platforms are del.icio.us  , Flickr  , LibraryThing  , LinkedIn  , MySpace  , Facebook  , and YouTube. contents.
Given the novelty and initial success of the method  , we believe that domain-specific variants of ACCAMS  , such as for community detection and topic modeling  , can and will lead to new models and improved results. We presented both a k-means style algorithm  , ACCAMS  , as well as a generative Bayesian non-parametric model with a collapsed Gibbs sampler  , bACCAMS; we obtained theoretical guarantees for matrix approximation through additive coclustering ; and we showed that our method is concise and accurate on a diverse range of datasets  , including achieving the best published accuracy for matrix completion on Netflix.
Flickr utilizes user-supplied tags and geographic tags to sort photos 9. Photo access via tags and additional metadata is common.
An intensive set of empirical studies has been conducted to evaluate the proposed research on the Clueweb federated search dataset. Furthermore  , a learning based classification approach is proposed to combine multiple resource selection algorithms for more accurate diversification results.
Hence  , the refinements in Stage 2 become more effective in such cases. Similarity graphs of ClueWeb and YMusic are denser and Stage 1 can be too aggressive in making the light partitions absorb too much comparison computation.
Search result diversification has been studied as the task of retrieving documents covering multiple possible topics  , aspects  , or interpretations of a query. In particular   , we choose xQuAD redundancy-based and PM-2 proportionality-based simply because they have been demonstrated to be effective on the ClueWeb collection  , which we also use to conduct experiments.
This has 8275 after eliminating duplicates web documents collected from universities and manually classified   , lesson  , assignment  , lecture  , tutorial  , book  , schedule  , notes  , grading  , handout  , teaching  , solutions  , exam faculty faculty  , university  , professor  , publications  , papers  , research  , office project project  , university  , demonstration  , objective  , overview  , research  , laboratory student student  , university  , interests  , favourite  , activities  , graduate  , home  in 7 categories. In our experiments we used the WebKB corpus 29 .
This scoring function ensures that items with high prediction and confidence are promoted  , and low prediction with high confidence are demoted. Since the Netflix data spans a total of 2  , 243 days  , selecting µ = 7 days allows us to explore 249 system updates.
It is the basis of several recommendation algorithms based on latent factors  , which have been proven to work well on benchmark recommendation datasets including the Netflix dataset 4. In this work  , we choose SVD as an example because it is a popular recommendation algorithm with a decent performance .
Given the set of timed paths  , our goal is to aggregate the actions of many individual travelers into coherent itineraries while taking into consideration POI popularity. Flickr data repository  , the same protocol can essentially be followed by using the open Flickr API.
Facebook and Flickr to an enormous audience. Every day and night  , the world is being captured through millions of phone cameras  , and then displayed in images via Internet social applications e.g.
For the IMDB and sensor data sets there is a strong correlation among the high score values. Accuracy: As shown in figures 8 and 9 as the dimensionality of the gPDFs increases  , the confidence measure for both the sensor and the IMDB data sets become increasingly accurate as expected.
Item recommendation is a harder prediction problem than rating prediction  , as only positive observations are made and standard sparse regression and classification methods like the ones from the Netflix contest can not directly be applied . 3  , 4   , item recommendation from implicit feedback has started to get more into the focus 2  , 6  , 7.
There are many subtleties that arise in aggregating data from multiple sources. Though this data does not have multiple sources  , many of the same methods used to rank products and merchants will still hold for Netflix movies.
The experiment has been done on 10 different movies. Performance is measured using the classical Recall measure  , considering IMDB recommendation as benchmark.
The approaches from this line of research that are closest to CREAM is the SHOE Knowledge Annotator 10 and the WebKB annotation tool. syntactic mistakes  , improper references  , and all the problems sketched in the scenario section.
K-means clustering experiments on the RCV1 corpus showed a pattern quite similar to WebKB results. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall.
This paper focuses on these two features of Flickr. The list of a user's favorite photos and the list of a user's contacts are both available from a user's profile page.
Furthermore  , we selected collections that had large numbers of tags in addition to distributed geographic locations. Flickr photos tend to have many and meaningful tags.
For example  , in rating systems such as Epinions and Netflix  , scores denote rating scores from users to items; in tagging systems such as Slashdot and Flikcr  , scores indicate whether users are associated with tags. Note that in different recommender systems  , the score has different meanings.
Thus  , it is intriguing to consider the possibility of utilizing the proverbial " wisdom of crowds " embedded in Flickr-like sources to mine sightseeing trips automatically. In contrast  , photographs shared on Flickr exhibit larger geographical coverage  , and typically reflect the tourist trips of users sharing these images.
Their investigation focuses on the use of the ZoneTag 2  , 24 application in combination with Flickr  , where users can upload and annotate photos to Flickr using their mobile phones. Ames and Naaman explore the motivations for tagging photographs in mobile and online media 4.
This happens because of the different cooccurrence statistics between Flickr English tags and German tags. Base- line2 chooses " U-bahn subway " as a translation for the tag " underground " .
Note that similar observations can also be drawn from other three collections used  , but the difference between relevant and nonrelevance document length distribution is not as obvious as on ClueWeb B. From Figure 2d  , we can clearly see that relevant and non-relevant document length on Clueweb B can be distinguished from their distributional frequencies.
We begin by describing the Flickr data used in our evaluation . Finally  , we seek to understand the type of errors made by the different methods.
Consider  , for example  , a photo on Flickr with no comments or other descriptive text attached to it. However  , in scenarios where there is little or no text associated with an entity  , such approaches are inapplicable.
Our method is based on the statistics of Flickr annotation patterns and our co-occurrence model can be incrementally updated when new annotations become available. Open tagging systems like Flickr have continuously evolving vocabularies.
Figures 3 and 4 show the performance results for the five algorithms under comparison for the Gov and the Imdb settings  , respectively. We measured top-k queries with k=20.
For IMDB  , we used common starring actors to form the link structure. This issue arose only for IMDB and Wikipedia  , DBLP  , on the other hand  , is a well structured database with a clear and meaningful almost noise-free  , link structure.
The IMDB database is composed of more than 860 ,000 titles and details about each. For our experiments we use the readings from five to ten randomly selected sensors.
Amazon  , TiVo  , Netflix and others are among the many successful applications of commercial recommender systems. In a nutshell  , a recommender system helps users find desirable products or services by analyzing their profile and matching it with profiles of other users similar to them  , or by finding products that are similar to the ones they expressed interest in; it is assumed that similar users share similar tastes.
2014   , which contains 3 ,504 ,192 images from 4 ,807 users. The collection of Flickr dataset is based on the image IDs provided by Yang et al.
Second  , we prefer query term analysis over Flickr tag analysis due to the nature of image search  , which tends to be broader than Flickr. Similar one can think of major cities in Europe like: Paris  , London  , Rome  , Barcelona  , Amsterdam  , which clearly appear to be related according to the query sessions analysis .
In the rest of this section  , we focus on the dissemination of content via social network links in Flickr. We list some of the important ones below.
Results on MQ-2009 collection also show that MVD is significantly more effective than all the baselines  , however the relative differences are smaller compared to Clueweb  tions. The performance differences are always statistically significant with more than 15% relative improvements.
That is likely because matching our keywords with Flickr tags yield sparse results. This translates into a considerable number of pictures required for attaining a reasonable prediction accuracy of the order of hundreds.
 Flickr group recommendation. We will show that this method can achieve highly satisfactory recommendations  , even better than the tags input by Flickr users.
This is not the case for the non-ClueWeb settings where different statistics of the query-similarity values are among the top- 10 feature functions. In fact  , among the top-10 feature functions for the ClueWeb settings only two max-qsim and geoqsim  are not based on a query-independent measure.
Netflix publicly provides the relevance judgments of 480 ,189 anonymous customers. Netflix Data: This data set was constructed by combining documents about movies crawled from the web with a set of actual movie rental customer relevance judgments from Netflix19.
Our results for the diameter coordination cost on our two datasets Figure 3  show the trade-off of diameter vs. maximum load for the IMDB dataset. Diameter.
On the other hand  , for AmazonProd and AtM-IMDB networks  , the general trend still remains but large " ground truth " communities have conductance scores that lie well below the rewired network curve. This is likely associated with the relatively weak and overlapping notion of " ground truth " we associated with those two network datasets.
For example   , works on the MovieLens and Netflix datasets deal with 1-5 star user ratings. To the best of our knowledge  , the literature on active learning in recommender systems focuses on explicit feedback 15 .
FRUIT can correctly classify faces in the story image only if the corresponding people names appear in the article text. The taxonomy we use for entity extraction is assembled from multiple information sources  , e.g.  , WordNet 10   , DBPedia 11   , IMDB 12   , etc.
Specifically  , we collected the reviews for 504 movies released in the United States during the period from January 6  , 2006 to November 21  , 2007  , along with the daily gross box office revenues of those movies. The dataset was obtained from the IMDB Website.
For instance  , Koren 19  investigated methods to model the underlying temporal dynamics in Netflix data with encouraging results. Apart from being accurate and scalable  , Matrix Factorization techniques are also able to smoothly incorporate temporal dynamics.
Figure 2: Performance on a Netflix subset with 1 ,000 users. The new algorithm is statistical significantly better than EM algorithm at iteration 2 to 17 evaluated with mean square error.
We applied our method on a baseline entity ranking engine and demonstrated its effectiveness. In order to do so  , we joined utilized information from two datasets DBpedia  , Netflix producing a proper dataset to be able to simulate user feedback on keyword search on RDF data.
Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Recommendation techniques are currently powering many successful online services  , including but not limited to product recommendation at Amazon  , movie recommendation at Netflix  , video recommendation at Hulu  , music recommendation at Pandora  , etc.
We estimated the models from the raw tags associated with ten million geotagged Flickr images  , uploaded to Flickr before October 2010. As in 19 and 16  , each cell is associated with the geo-tagged Flickr images that were taken within the cell boundaries.
UamsAwebQE10: full ClueWeb text index. The results retrieved using the 10 relevance models are merged into a final ranking based on their retrieval scores.
This computation also provided files that did not contain the occurrence values of each token  , which is reflected in the file sizes reported in Table 1. The preprocessing dubbed " cleaning "  of the Category " B " ClueWeb data took approximately 1705 CPU hours to compute.
The Netflix data does not contain multiple sources as the previous two data sets did  , but had a larger number of ratings . Now that we have provided a brief overview of the data  , we will describe our objective in using the data and how we intend to evaluate solutions.
In particular given the success of item recommendation systems in commercial websites  , such as Amazon.com and Netflix  , it is considered worthwhile to revisit the recommendation problem through the novel perspective of social networking. This collective action leads to the creation of an implicit social networking structure  , which we aim to further explore .
Apart from removing noisy edges  , it also keeps the most relevant ones. b Running time of MLR-MCL on Flickr The CODICIL framework  , in contrast  , alleviates both problems.
ClueWeb Search Instructions A set of tasks will appear on the next screen. This will allow participants to study problems such as different weightings of interactions from different users.
It is hence important to study the correlations between social friendships and user interest similarities. On the contrary  , many popular recommender systems are designed for online users to interact with their friends in the real life  , like Netflix  , Flixster  , Douban  , Foursquare  , etc.
In DBLP experiments  , 20 authors were randomly chosen from G1:01-02  , G3:01-06 and G5:01-10 data   , respectively. We also evaluated the performance of SimFusion+ on D- BLP and WEBKB datasets.
The " other " class comprises pages that cannot be fit into the remaining six classes; for instance  , a publications page that links to a page belonging to a faculty page. The WebKB collection contains academic webpages from Computer Science departments of four universities: Cornell  , Washington   , Texas and Wisconsin  , categorized into 7 categories student   , faculty  , staff  , department  , course  , project  , and other.
Besides the convenience of using clusters to group photographs  , our system also provides a tag cloud over each cluster  , which is not included in Flickr. Therefore the tag cloud is not changed during map navigation.
Note that while the feedback set is several orders of magnitude smaller than the full collection  , some of the collection-scale features were on average generated faster than their feedback set counterparts. Table 5shows the average run time when generating each feature from the ClueWeb English 1 collection.
To use most of these features  , users must create a Flickr account and they must be logged-in to Flickr. Users can create networks of friends  , join groups  , send messages to other users  , comment on photos  , tag photos  , and choose their favorite photos.
For Netflix data set  , our methods perform privacy-preserving analytics and generate useful results on sample databases with less than 5% of the original data  , reducing the data storage requirement without compromising the utility of output analytics. As can be seen  , the sampled data is much smaller than the raw input for every data set.
Table 3shows that the conservative TopX method without probabilistic pruning  = 0 reduces the number of expensive random accesses by a factor of 50 to 80 compared to the StructIndex competitors on INEX  , and still by a factor of 4 to 6 on IMDB  , with very good rates of inexpensive sorted accesses. Wall-clock times were typically a factor of 10 higher than CPU times because of disk I/O by the Oracle server  , yielding user-perceived response times in the range of 0.1 to 0.7 seconds per INEX query and up to 30 seconds for Terabyte at k = 10 and without probabilistic pruning  , and this proportion was fairly consistent for all algorithms and parameter settings.
In Figure 6 we show the daily traffic volume and web requests generated by Instagram  , Netflix  , and Youtube over a two-week period which we verify as representative of the entire sampling period note the different y-axis scales. We begin by studying the daily usage of each application.
In particular  , we studied snow false positives at the operating point at which the likelihood ratio method gives a precision of 74.1% and a recall of 1.2% i.e. To understand the failure modes of estimating attributes about the world from Flickr photos  , we performed a case study of false positives — bins and days in which our Flickr mining predicted the presence of snow  , but the NASA ground truth indicated that there was no snow cover.
We devise a retrieval model is not just based on keywords in the query and keyword expansion  , but that further reasons about which entities are relevant and then uses entity-information to rank documents. We index all ClueWeb 12 Category A documents with Indri 2 and merge them with entity link annotations from the FACC1 dataset.
Furthermore  , the available information of queries with multiple aspects and the corresponding relevance judgment has enabled the evaluation of search result diversification. The Clueweb dataset 1 is a large collection of web pages that has been used in several official tasks in the Text REtrieval Conference TREC tracks.
However  , the hierarchy in the redirected graph decreases sharply. In Flickr  , the hierarchy largely remains the same even as the graph becomes large.
Picasa  , Flickr  , YouTube are very popular for people to share their photos. In recent years  , social networks e.g.
In order to satisfy Web users' everincreasing information needs  , traditional recommendation techniques have been widely adopted by various products in industrial companies  , including but not limited to Amazon   , Netflix  , Apple iTunes  , Yahoo! Due to the rapid growth of information on the Web  , especially on the social Web  , recommender system has become an indispensable technique for filtering and recommending online information.
In order to test and compare different methods  , we remove some edges in the graph and recommend the links based on the pruned graph. Co-staring prediction is considered as link recommendation problem for IMDB.
These can be derived both from explicit actions by users    , buying a product or requesting a movie or interaction log behavior clicking on certain categories of product or movie. Modeling user interests is common practice for the construction of recommendation engines at e-commerce sites such as Amazon and Netflix.
Indexes were then copied out to the high‐performance storage at the end of each indexing job. For the most part  , we used the high‐performance storage to store the ClueWeb collection and other input data  , then the local on‐node disk to build incremental indexes.
For instance  , it has a better coverage of the celebrity and entertainment business. Second  , we prefer query term analysis over Flickr tag analysis due to the nature of image search  , which tends to be broader than Flickr.
First of all we note that the KL based QPRP model performs the best on each collection when surrogates are used in the TREC 678 and pairwise comparisons are used on ClueWeb. BM25  , PT and a subset of the approximations we tried for the QPRP models.
Another popular example is nyti.ms. For example  , flic.kr is used exclusively within the Flickr ecosystem; therefore  , it covers very few categories and exhibits a very low change frequency  , meaning that its short URLs are posted on websites that regard the same subjects  , or even on Flickr directly.
20 employ three machine learning approaches Naive Bayes  , Maximum Entropy   , and Support Vector Machine to label the polarity of IMDB movie reviews. Pang et al.
Consider the Flickr based semantic space for instance. While full match is more precise  , the number of labels that cannot be matched is much larger than its counterpart in partial match.
The complete DBLP database has about 300 ,000 authors and 500 ,000 papers resulting in about 2 million nodes and 9 million edges. We have experimented with three datasets -the complete DBLP database  , IMDB the Internet Movie Database  , and a subset of the US Patent database.
We use Apache's implementation of the Unstructured Information Management Architecture-standard UIMA  , http://uima.apache.org/ to manage the analysis process  , which is implemented as a UIMA collection processing engine CPE. At a last step  , we map the retrieved URLs to document ids of the clueweb document corpus.
This paper highlights a solution to a very specific problem  , the prediction of a " like " or " association " signal from oneclass data. In Section 6  , we show state of the art results on two practical problems  , a sample of movies viewed by a few million users on Xbox consoles  , and a binarized version of the Netflix competition data set.
Such configuration is simple for ontologies with less EC-types  , such as SAPTerm or IMDB see Sec. A configuration file determines the direction of relations between ECtypes   , that is used to propagate scores in a DCG  , e.g.  , from Variant to Component for SAPTerm see Fig.1 .
This dataset contains 1 ,007 ,926 million movie reviews  , corresponding to a total of 10 ,651 ,052 million sentences. Table II presents the detailed information of the IMDb-Extracted.This dataset is available https://novasearch.org/datasets/.
9 Edge connections between actors were established according to joint participation in at least one movie or TV episode. The Internet Movie Database; we useed public Internet Movie Database's IMDB entire database.
For films  , the feature has boolean values  , where 1 means that the film is of the specified genre and/or belongs to the specified skos category. Film genre from imdb and skos combined.
We pruned the queries based on their target URLs  , and obtained thousands of queries for the IMDB and lyrics domains. As these datasets do not have any associated query log  , we extracted the keyword queries from the query logs of MSN and AOL Web search engines.
Figure 3shows the distribution of Flickr tags over the most common WordNet categories. Hence  , we consider the tag London to refer to the location.
Following 9   , we use the ImageNet 1K label set as Y0  , including 1 ,000 visual object classes defined in the Large Scale Visual Recognition Challenge 2012 10. Training Label Set Y0.
It might also be useful for an information system to elicit query ratings from users so that it can make more personalized recommendations in the future. However  , it might be useful to allow users to provide query recommendations to others  , that is  , query suggestions that have rating information associated with them in a manner similar to that provided by recommendation services such as Amazon and Netflix.
We can observe that when a movie is popular  , then workers easily recognize it. Figure 5shows the correlation between task accuracy on the movie scene recognition task and the popularity of the movie based on the overall number of Facebook likes on the IMDB movie page.
In 15 authors present a distributed  , decentralized architecture for sharing and re-using logged data from different systems using standalone agents with the help of broker for a successful exchange. Flickr  , Twitter  , and Delicious.
The two real hyperlinked collections used in our paper are WebKB data http://www.cs.cmu.edu/webkb/ and Yahoo! We can see that our approach has achieved significant improvement compared with the other two approaches.
From the LinkedMDB  , we extracted mdb:actor netflix id  , mdb:actor name  , and mdb:performance  , that are critical for distinguishing different instances. The best-known taxonomies such as kingdom  , class  , and family are also extracted by analyzing the data of species.
Variations of MF models are becoming very popular for their good performances on standard rating prediction tasks such as Netflix challenge. However  , these methods do not work well in the cold-start scenarios.
In addition to this  , we have also added a second validation layer which makes use of various structured databases  , such as IMDB  , Discogs.com and the CIA World Fact Book. Our previous web-based answer validation using Google has completely been re-designed.
In Flickr  , in particular  , users can share content and participate in multiple communities by submitting their photos to groups  , by joining groups  , and by performing several types of actions over Flickr content e.g.  , comment  , add notes  , favorite  , etc. Many social media platforms function as somewhat independent ecosystems in which users carry out a number of social activities.
One of our three runs is based on using the Indri search engine for the ClueWeb that is provided by the Carnegie Mellon University 1 . Our main interest is whether our ideas for improving the retrieval via session knowledge have any positive effect with the above fairly standard retrieval models.
An underlying difference with earlier collections is that the ClueWeb crawl is based on a PageRank/OPIC policy rather than the standard breadth-first strategy 12. In contrast with the anchor text  , link degree is ignorant of the query at hand  , and its main use is in separating the authoritative or important pages from the less popular ones.
Meta-data is provided for all training images and videos  , including their geo-location as well as the accuracy with which they were geo-tagged. It consists of approximately 3.2 million Flickr images and 10  , 000 Flickr videos.
The methodology is the same as for the Twitter dataset Section 3.3.3. In this section we evaluate the aspects computed by our approach for the Flickr Dataset.
Movies all provide basic information—  , and that the related queries are interspersed with other searches  , making it difficult to see patterns. We want to point out the variety of queries  " moneyball "   , " moneyball movie "   , " moneyball the movie "   , " brad pitt moneyball "   , the different preferences for clicked websites for the same query —IMDb  , Wikipedia  , and Yahoo!
A set of experiments has been conducted with two traditional TREC datasets and a new dataset based on the ClueWeb. A mixture model that learns multiple sets of combination weights according to the clusters of sources proves to be a better choice.
Flickr interestingness is the website's measure of the attention given by other users to photographs. Recency simply selects the most recent photographs from a region.
The second and third rows in Table 1summarize the number of questions whose answers contained links to the ClueWeb data NQ and their corresponding NLavg 7 . To find connections   , we then compared the CQA links with two subsets of ClueWeb09 pages  , namely Category A CatA and Category B CatB  , which contain approximately 500M and 50M English documents  , respectively.
For example  , Netflix can recommend movies similar to those previously viewed by a user  , while Amazon can recommend goods for one based on ratings given by similar users. Most state-of-the-art recommender systems rely on collaborative filtering or content-based recommendation tech- niques 1  , which either learn users' preferences from their ratings or identify user's interests based on item descriptions and historical data.
Each data set has solution sets to check correctness of our proposal due to space constraint  , we omit details here. For validating our proposal  , we used one real data set ACM and four synthetic data sets ACM   , BioMed  , Econ- Papers  , and IMDB.
Their work concentrates on automatically discovering tags that are most 'interesting' for a particular time period. 7 describe tag visualization techniques by using Flickr tags.
However  , Flickr does not show photographs belonging to each cluster separately. Photographs of the same latitude and longitude are grouped into one cluster.
Our empirical analysis shows that the diversity of the result list has a negative correlation with retrieval performance for older TREC benchmarks and a positive correlation for the new ClueWeb collection. While Clarity is commonly described as a measure of the " distance " between a language model induced from the result list and that induced from the collection  , we show that Clarity actually quantifies an additional property of the result list  , namely  , its diversity.
Netflix is a narrower space of reviews: it consists of users rating movies from 1-5 stars. Both types of reviews are between 1 and 5 stars normalized according to different scales.
Instead of displaying the photographs on the map  , Flickr lists them sequentially across multiple search results pages see Fig. The second search engine http://www.flickr.com/search is a regular keyword search.
The relatively even workload benefits the task load balancing process and reduces parallel execution time by 5% to 18% additionally. The ratio of standard deviation of partition sizes over the average size drops by 9.7% for Twitter  , 22.3% for ClueWeb  , and 3.7% for YMusic.
Our system scanned through the whole Wikipedia repository the version that is included in the ClueWeb collection and computed the following normalized vectors for each document: Words-occurrences frequencies; we assigned a threshold value to exclude all low frequency terms and to keep the ones with frequency higher than the threshold. We extracted the important information key-phrases from each article and used it as setup information to rank each leaf node in our customized index.
Further  , other issues exist with relying on Flickr data for tag recommendation purposes; batch tagging functionality where users can tag multiple images with a single tag set allows a single user to have overriding influence over the content of a tag co-occurrence matrix and ultimately the tag recommendations computed from this. Twitter is both faster and offers wider and denser coverage more users for a given event than Flickr.
Flickr: We apply the same feature extraction method 16 as used for the Corel dataset to 100 ,000 randomly crawled Flickr images. We use EMD to show the generality of our method.
Our analysis may have been hindered by a few factors: First  , other systems such as Netflix and TiVo which recommend items to watch per user can rely on users' ratings for previous content items watched. Hence we present only the simpler alternative.
Probabilistic matrix factorization type of approaches  , widespread especially after the Netflix challenge 6  , pose the problem of personalized recommendation as a rating prediction or matrix completion problem  , trying to predict the ratings of unrated items 1  , 19  , 25  , 31  , 33. Typically such techniques assume that the user-item rating matrix R is low-rank  , and they collaboratively learn the latent factors U and V for the users and the items correspondingly 19  , 25 .
Photos could be geotagged incorrectly  , or inappropriately   , or assigned a misleading accuracy level. Of course  , issues of errors and noise are possible in the Flickr data.
Table 7displays the retrieval performance when ModNum takes three different values  , i.e. If the collection is not only big but also contains much noise such as ClueWeb  , using more subset queries even hurts the performance.
An extensive set of experiments has been conducted with the federated search testbed of the Clueweb dataset to evaluate the proposed research. With some training data  , the learning based classification approach can improve the effectiveness of resource selection for search result diversification.
Second  , we employ query segmentation i.e.  , highlighting phrases in the queries. First  , the retrieval system is not ChatNoir but the online Indri search engine for the ClueWeb provided by the Carnegie Mellon University.
The dataset was collected by querying Flickr for 2000 popular nouns extracted from WordNet categorised as animal  , artifact   , body  , food  , plant  , substance. Data Collection For our experiments we collect an image dataset from Flickr 4 consisting of 2M images.
Three recent methods for item recommendation are based on the matrix factorization model that factorizes the matrix of user-item correlations. Item recommendation is a harder prediction problem than rating prediction  , as only positive observations are made and standard sparse regression and classification methods like the ones from the Netflix contest can not directly be applied .
We crawled the data using a narrow keyword " fruit " and collected 18 ,555 rows of data. Another dataset from Flickr was collected with flickr API  , which consists of a set of callable methods for users  , photos  , photosets and other uniquely identifiable objects.
We implemented another interface to query the Clueweb index 3. SEAL has an interface for querying the Google API to collect the documents in which seeds co-occur.
However  , one bigger challenge is how to learn knowledgebase for more rare yet useful entity types such as brand and product. Others have shown that knowledgebase can be easily built from such types by consulting external resources  , such as IMDB 9  , DBpedia 10  , or Wikipedia 24.
They ranked 1 ,000 IMDB movie comments via predictive perplexity and filtered out spoilers when they regarded the top N comments as spoilers and considered report performance of recall and precision. The other relevant research is a machine-learning method based on LDA Guo and Ramakrishnan 2010.
If one believes in the phenomena of the long-tail that explains the success of Amazon and Netflix  , then it seems reasonable to posit that increasingly specialized aggregators e.g.  , Indian Immigrant children will keep appearing. Aggregators exist for photography Mashfot  , Nintendo fans WiiNintendo  , designers MostInspired .
In a follow up work  , they propose to firstly extract the subjective portion of text with a graph min-cut algorithm  , and then feed them into the sentiment classifier 18 . 20 employ three machine learning approaches Naive Bayes  , Maximum Entropy   , and Support Vector Machine to label the polarity of IMDB movie reviews.
Due to the time constraint in our shared cluster environment   , we report the average execution time of multiple runs after randomly selecting 10% of ClueWeb parallel tasks and 20% of Twitter tasks. 3 Evaluate the performance of the generalized static partitioning algorithm in detecting dissimilarity and narrowing the size gaps among partitions.
We take the Netflix dataset for illustration. 4.3.
The Clueweb collection is larger than previous collections  , and has a higher link density  , so there is more anchor text available for more pages. The anchor text index on the other hand  , performs better than ever before.
Figure 2and Figure 3 show that the proposed new algorithm works better than the standard EM algorithm on the Netflix and MovieLens data sets. However  , the strength of the correlation differs over data sets  , and the amount of training data is not the only characteristics that will influence the final performance.
We processed the entire ClueWeb with an EM-tree containing two levels of tree nodes of order m = 1000. However   , it allows us to perform a side by side comparison with a published baseline.
This proportion demonstrates that Flickr concepts somewhat overlap ODP in scope. After we tokenized and stemmed ODP terms following the steps outlined in Section 3.1  , we found 166  , 153 unique terms cf 110  , 543 unique Flickr terms with 15  , 495 terms in common.
Similar observations regarding the estimation error are also notable examining the confidence interval curves depicted in Figure 2. Also  , for the IMDB network  , uniform sampling estimation required almost 3 times more samples than required by degree sampling estimation 0.3% vs. 0.8% to ensure a normalized absolute error of less than 10%.
Furthermore  , this does not affect our analysis results because deleted favorite-markings can no longer spread via a social network. However  , informal reports from Flickr users suggest that users rarely delete any of their favorite marked photos.
We choose websites that either require membership e.g.  , Facebook  , Netflix  , LinkedIn or depend on the activity of a loyal user base .e.g  , the left-leaning news aggregator TheHungtonPost. The chosen websites encompass online social networks  , online forums  , political news websites  , membership-based retail stores  , and online social movements  , all ranging from outstanding successes to catastrophic failures.
The next major computation is the eigenvalue decomposition required by 8. On the Netflix data  , this means a reduction of over 40 hours for one E-step  , and the resulting computation takes less than 4 hours.
In a nutshell  , following are the contributions of this work. However  , the methods presented here can be easily extended to other settings such as Youtube and Netflix assuming the user ratings and timespent data can be collected on these platforms.
Although the run using the external links throws away all results without external links to the ClueWeb collection  , resulting in a lower number of primary Wikipedia pages retrieved   , the pages with external links still lead to reasonable P@10 and the best NDCG@R. In Table 5the results of the TREC entity ranking task 2010 are given  , evaluating the primary homepages found. For all but one of the measures and approaches large significant improvements are achieved when category information is used  , some scores more than double .
From an implementation point of view  , resources are internally represented by some ID. For instance  , in del.icio.us  , the resources are URLs  , and in flickr  , the resources are pictures.
Using Menagerie  , we built organization and sharing services for personal objects  , including the We designed and implemented a Menagerie prototype and integrated a set of existing Web services: Gmail  , Google Docs  , Flickr  , YouTube and Yahoo!Mail.
In contrast   , modeling patient records for example requires that each individual progresses according to his or her own personal timescale. Other models of time-varying data  , which are state-of-the-art for tasks such as movie recommendation on Netflix 9  , 15  , generally assume that users evolve according to a " global clock  , "   , i.e.  , their progression is tied to the calendar date.
6 The site also offers a wealth of information about people involved with movies  , including biographies of actors  , directors and producers . The Internet Movie Database IMDb is a popular site for looking up information on movie reviews.
Having been written by thousands of people  , it is reasonable to expect that biographies reflect different writing styles  , rendering this corpus particularly interesting for the proposed analysis. Information on IMDb is a result of social collective effort.
The publicly available web sites of IMDB  , which provide exactly the same information as the raw IMDB data  , allowed a performance comparison with web search engines. Finally  , the Internet Movie Database IMDB was applied as knowledge base in this scenario.
The new ClueWeb collection used at the TREC 2009 Web Track is much larger than the collections used at TREC 8 and 9 and should have many incoming links per page  , resulting in more anchor text and thereby possibly better document representations. With larger collections  , the number of documents that have incoming links increases and as a consequence  , so does the number of those documents relevant to a given topic.
The WebKB dataset consists of 8275 web-pages crawled from university web sites. We constructed co-citation graphs on these two collections  , in which two pages are connected by an undirected edge if both pages are linked to by a third page.
We have evaluated the four tag recommendation strategies in an empirical experiment using 200 photos which are also available on Flickr. Based on a representative sample of Flickr  , we have extracted tag co-occurrence statistics  , which in combination with the two tag aggregation strategies  , and the promotion function allowed us to build a highly effective system for tag recommendation.
Based on our observations   , we introduced a novel and generic method for recommending tags  , i.e.  , our approach deploys the collective knowledge that resides in Flickr without introducing tagclass specific heuristics. Extending Flickr photo annotations.
We conduct our experiment on three widely used largescale CF datasets: Netflix  , Yahoo! Due to the page limit  , we will not give the detailed formulae of these measures.
2009 found that much of the interaction on Flickr is localized and that users find the great majority 81-91% of their contacts within two network hops. Indeed  , Cha et al.
The nodes are users and the edges indicate a follower relationship . For this experiment  , we sample four popular directed social networks: Delicious  , YouTube  , LiveJournal and Flickr.
2008 demonstrated that on YouTube receiving attention  , given by viewing a contributor's videos  , had a positive impact on future contributions. More in line with the artifact contributing nature of Flickr  , Huberman et al.
In this paper  , we demonstrated the use of the copula framework  , a model family from the field of robust statistics   , for representing term dependencies in language models. Our experiments  , based on a sizeable document collection ClueWeb'12 confirm the competitive performance of the proposed model in comparison with a number of state-ofthe-art baselines.
So  , we manually looked for primary Wikipedia pages for those 38 entites that had only primary web pages  , using online Wikipedia accessed in December 2009. However  , not all primary Wikipedia pages could be returned by participants or judged  , or not all Wikipedia pages could exist on the date when the ClueWeb collection was crawled January/February 2009.
We are not able to make changes to the Flickr website or run tests in a controlled environment. Finally  , we can only observe the network  , but we cannot manipulate it.
The decline is most likely caused by the increased I/O and communication overhead among machines in a larger cluster. When running on 300 cores  , the efficiency can still reach 75.6% for ClueWeb and 71.7% for Twitter.
The WebKB data set consists of about 6000 web pages from computer science departments of four schools Cornell  , Texas  , Washington  , and Wisconsin. The two datasets are the WebKB data set1 and the Cora data set 15 .
Two main observations rise. For the ClueWeb settings the feature functions are ordered as follows: max-sw2  , max-sw1  , maxqsim   , geo-qsim  , max-spam  , geo-sw2  , min-icompress  , min- sw2  , geo-sw1  , min-sw1  , min-qsim  , stdv-qsim  , max-pr  , mindsim  , min-entropy  , max-entropy  , min-spam  , geo-icompress  , geo-entropy  , max-icompress  , geo-spam  , geo-pr  , geo-dsim  , minpr   , max-dsim.
Distribution of these papers is limited to classroom use  , and personal use by others. Example systems include YouTube 8  , Flickr 3 and Digg 2  Copyright is held by the International World Wide Web Conference Committee IW3C2.
The zoom level on the map when the photograph was dragged is recorded  , and the accuracy level of the photo's location information is assigned accordingly. There are a number of possible sources for photographs' location information on Flickr  , user entry being probably the most prevalent: much like LocationStamper 22   , Flickr users can geotag their photographs using a map interface  , where they can drag-anddrop photographs onto a world map at any zoom level.
In a practical on-line setting where new ratings are arriving continuously we effectively have an infinite amount of data and  , as the amount of data becomes very large  , ADF could approach the same performance as full EP. It is worth pointing out that by the standards of many real world applications even the Netflix dataset is tiny.
On Flickr  , users endorse pictures by including them to their Favorites. On Twitter  , the endorsement graph consists of the underlying follower-graph.
Perhaps because of this  , most systems such as YouTube and Netflix only collect ratings along the preference dimension. It may be challenging to design interfaces that collect ratings along both the quality and preference dimension without confusing users.
Stage 1 contributes a large portion of the total improvement. The overall improvement from the two-stage load assignment is 41% for Twitter  , 32% for ClueWeb  , and 27% for YMusic.
The second is based on LibraryThing which is an online book catalogue and tagging community . The first is constructed from a subset of the Internet Movie Database IMDB and automatically linked with YAGO 4.
Given the amount  , varying quality and types of data present  , there are many challenges regarding its exploitation for PTR purposes. Tweets  , Flickr images and Wikipedia articles.
On ClueWeb  , the performance drops when more than the top 20 queries are used. On Robust04 and Wt10g  , the performance keeps increasing when more subset queries are considered.
This feature adds an advantage compared to systems such as Flickr and del.icio.us  , where personalization requires adding resources to the system  , i. e. the explicit feedback of users. 10 and 9.
ClueAF and ClueBF are two additional experimental settings created from ClueWeb following previous work 6. For the ClueWeb Web collection both the English part of Category A ClueA and the Category B subset ClueB were used.
According to the importance of user engagement evaluation and its influences on recommender systems  , ACM Recommender Systems Challenge 2014 1 focused on ranking IMDb tweets of each user based on their engagements. This characteristic of tweets eliminates the influence of textual features in our task.
The EachMovie data set consists of about 2.8 million ratings made by more than 72 thousand users on 1628 movies. We evaluated the algorithm using two movie ratings data sets: EachMovie 1 and Netflix 2 .
Its underlying information system is a big le system 1 that serves HTML pages. IMDb is the biggest information repository about movies and is freely available.
However  , we found that existing approaches fail to scale on a heterogeneous Freebase database composed of several thousand tables. The existing approaches of interactive query construction work well for small or medium sized databases of a particular domain  , such as IMDB 5 and Lyrics 16  , which contain around 20 tables 7.
We analyze the clusters produced from the Netflix-48k dataset. Besides clustering anomalous behavior  , our model provides interesting insight into the natural clusters of items based on their latent preferences in vj.
Using conventional keyword retrieval models  , we retrieve an initial distribution over documents D ∼ φ ir Q  , D. Alternatively  , we can derive indicators for relevant entities through a pseudo-relevance feedback approach on entity links in ClueWeb documents.
In order to predict for a particular movie m  , the movie model sums the similarities between m and the movies in the user's basket that are most similar to m. Funk-svd: We include Simon Funk's Singular Value Decomposition algorithm due to its strong performance in the Netflix com- petition 8. The item-based model calculates similarities between each pair of movies based on the number of times movies co-occur in user baskets.
Popularity features represent the frequency of an entity in a given data source. In case of Twitter and Flickr  , the occurrence frequencies are extracted from tweets and user tags associated with photos  , respectively.
Motivated by observations from the 2010 Entity track  , we made the following changes in the track setup for 2011. In 2011  , the track worked with two corpora: the ClueWeb 2009 web corpus and the new Sindice-2011 dataset 2.
The FLICKR AVG is closer to HAA MIN for high values of HAA MIN  , indicating that tourists tend to spend less time than expected visiting sites to which human experts assign a long minimum visit time. The results in Figure 1show that the average visit times obtained from Flickr FLICKR AVG – yellow are situated between the HAA MIN and HAA MAX estimations in a large majority of cases and these results seem to validate our method for automatically deducing visit times from Flickr.
Our goal is to provide a general-purpose proximity service that could be implemented on top of any type of database system. For example  , the IMDB Web site does offer a form for searching for movies with multiple specified actors.
We manually checked any instances not found in the Gazetteer or the IMDB to ensure that they were indeed errors . To compute precision and recall  , we first compared the extracted instances automatically with an external knowledge base  , the Tipster Gazetteer for locations and the Internet Movie Database IMDB for actors and films.
For example  , in April 2008 alone  , there are about 2.5 million photos geotagged 4 in Flickr. On the one hand  , more and more Web resources become available in popular folksonomy or social tagging mechanism based systems  , such as Flickr 1   , YouTube 2 and del.icio.us 3 .
were able to automatically locate landmarks based on geotagged photos . In a study of the Flickr photo-sharing website 5  , Crandall et al.
In this section  , we detail the recommenders to be compared with MudRecS. The RMSE scores achieved by each of the twenty systems  , as well as detailed discussions on their rating prediction algorithms  , can be found on the Netflix website netflixprize.com//leaderboard.
The other was caused by features we used to train the ranking model .Not only the number of features was small  , but also there were gaps between LETOR dataset and ClueWeb2012.We need to do some transfer learning to train the ranking model next time. One reason was our ClueWeb-B-13 dataset is too small to obtain the valid search results in the data preprocessing step.
So we used a heuristic to infer the cases when Flickr users are likely to have discovered pictures using their friends links. Without a page view trace or asking the user directly  , we cannot say for sure how users in Flickr found photos.
Thus we opt for the uniform layers and recursively apply hierarchical partitioning to even out the sizes of sublayers. For ClueWeb  , the uniform layers detect 2.6x as many dissimilar pairs compared to the non-uniform layers.
Therefore  , a group recommendation service is highly desired. However  , nowadays there are a large number of groups in Flickr and it is not easy for general users to find a suitable group for his photos.
Each object in Menagerie is identified using a service-local ObjectID   , which is unique within the service and independent of the object's location in the hierarchy. For example  , Flickr offers its users abstractions associated with sets of objects photo albums and objects within each set photos; therefore  , Content and Metadata functions readcapa  , object_ID returns byte writecapa  , object_ID  , name  , content get_summarycapa  , object_ID returns string get_URLcapa  , object_ID returns string Flickr could choose to export a three-level name hierarchy e.g.  , Ann/Disneyland-album/Mickey-photo.
For top-5 results  , the gain of single concept queries increased to 0.9 in both datasets. As we can see  , in our experiments on the IMDB dataset Figure 2a  , the average α-NDCG-W for top-1 result of both ranking and diversification on single concept queries was always 0.58  , given any value of α.
For each location  , l in Table 1  , the images that are closely associated with l are crawled through Flickr API http://www.flickr.com/services/api. The keywords of the Flickr images are used as a set of geotagged documents  , D l for location l. These are adopted as geo-tagged documents because the keywords are often a description of the location.
World Explorer helps users to search for a location and displays a tag cloud over that location. Flickr provides a search service for tags  , locations and full text.
We next report the empirical evidence of our findings  , namely that large cores can be found in endorsement networks and that these cores have a very dense leadership nucleus. Note that although the networks Flickr-E and Flickr-S are defined over the same base of users  , they have different number of nodes due to the removal of singleton nodes.
The entire dataset consists of about one billion web pages in ten languages. Table 2 The ClueWeb 09 is a large-scale collection of web documents that was collected in January and February 2009.
The result of this is that the way the content is consumed is strongly influenced by all of the different social navigation paths that lead to it: a photo on Flickr  , for example  , can be linked to from a user's favorite photo collection  , from several groups  , galleries  , and via other mechanisms  , including the " external " web i.e.  , URLs outside of the Flickr domain. In Flickr  , in particular  , users can share content and participate in multiple communities by submitting their photos to groups  , by joining groups  , and by performing several types of actions over Flickr content e.g.  , comment  , add notes  , favorite  , etc.
If tags are ranked appropriately  , for each uploaded image  , we use the top tags in its ranked tag list to search for related Flickr groups and recommend to users. Flickr group is a collection of images created by users with certain common interest.
Different types of tagging systems have emerged for different types of content. From image tagging  , Flickr  , to web page tagging Del.ico.us  , to social tagging Facebook  , these system have become popular and are heavily utilized across the Web.
For instance  , it contains far less Wikipedia entities than those which are the part of the ClueWeb B collection. Besides  , the BTC collection appears to be noisy and incomplete.
Figure 1: Record Distribution of Netflix Users queries. IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media.
In the Reuters dataset  , classes like wheat  , corn have very specific definitions. However  , TLC++ algorithm does not perform as expected on the earn and interest classes of the Reuters dataset and the WebKB dataset.
The sampling distribution was to prefer queries of medium popularity  , on the assumption that very popular queries are too navigational  , therefore less challenging  , and very rare queries may contain personally identifiable information  , so should not be used in experiments. The 200 were sampled from a January 2009 query log  , which is roughly the same time that ClueWeb documents were crawled.
To this end  , we generated such data by combining a public movie ratings data set MovieLens 10M 1   , consisting of movie ratings for around 10 ,000 movies generated by more than 71 ,000 users  , with a movie synopses data set from Internet Movie DataBase IMDB that was found online 2 . We note that  , although we had access to a proprietary data set discussed in Section 4.2 which served as our initial motivation to develop the HDV model  , obtaining a similar public data set proved to be much more difficult.
Many of the images that are geotagged and uploaded to Flickr portray POIs and tourist destinations. The tag sets in Flickr are unique in that they contain mostly nouns  , and a few adjectives  , and very little noise.
For TREC123  , the performances with different values of K are also stable for most of the test levels. For ClueWeb-Wiki  , the performance of the mixture model with K > 1 is at least equal or higher than that of the logistic regression.
1we show the SRbench images for the category 'underwater' alongside the Flickr API response for tags.getRelated'underwater'. As an illustration of the adequateness of this technique  , in Fig.
We span the tree following relations for a given number of hops. In the Flickr relations set  , we start at a specific " root " concept.
In 17    , the authors investigated two of the most famous folksonomy service providers Del.icio.us and Flickr and gave the strengths and weaknesses of annotation data. The semantic values of folksonomy.
In fact  , there are a few categories in WebKB and Newsgroup that the logistic regression model performs slightly better than the SVM. Second  , we observe that the difference in the F 1 measurement between the logistic regression model and the SVM is smaller for both the WebKB dataset and the Newsgroup dataset than for the Reuters-21578 dataset.
6 a we show the recommendation accuracy of CFN+MPQ w.r.t different bit number of magnitude code on Netflix dataset. In Fig.
The authors' approach did not consider the location metadata and map-based visualization requirements; potentially  , a combination of location and time metadata could generate a location-specific  , dynamic display of Flickr data. 5   , a TF- IDF approach was used to visualize tags in Flickr over time  , or rather  , extract the most representative tags for arbitrary time periods.
This is an encouraging finding as it gives us clue of differentiating between relevance and non-relevant documents based on their length distribution. Note that similar observations can also be drawn from other three collections used  , but the difference between relevant and nonrelevance document length distribution is not as obvious as on ClueWeb B.
The experiments were conducted on three datasets: two standard TREC datasets  , and one Wikipedia dataset for federated search based on the ClueWeb. In this section  , we will describe the methodology and datasets of this work.
Recently many researchers leverage such freely available community-contributed photos to devise novel applications such as photo annotation and travel recommendation. tags  , geo-tags to social websites such as Flickr.
Our goal is to predict whether or not each geospatial bin had snowcover on each day  , given the photos from Flickr. We thus turn to evaluating the performance of our estimation techniques using precision-recall curves  , where
However  , for fine-grained clustering of ClueWeb using signatures we found no advantage to more computationally expensive initializations. The EMtree can be seeded with k-means||.
The collection is fairly small comparing to Clueweb and other well known IR collections but yet it is the biggest existing medical/clinical test collection. Approximately 100 ,000 clinical reports an aggregation of overall 17 ,000 individual visits were gathered during the year 2007 from the U.S hospitals and used for Medical track.
These ranks can only be compared  , but not subtracted from one another. For example  , on Netflix  , users are asked to rate movies from one to five stars.
Many users are actively engaged in sharing visual content via social network sites SNSs such as YouTube  , Flickr  , and deviantART 1 . We conclude our paper in Section 5.
keeps proliferating   , techniques for structuring this massive content become crucial to better organize and manage this information. As the amount of data uploaded to social media portals such as Flickr  , Youtube  , Panoramino  , etc.
We should not forget  , however  , that it is easy for users who want to hide to obfuscate their identity by simply selecting different usernames. Username is clearly a powerful feature to match Flickr and Twitter accounts today.
Unfortunately  , we cannot compare the runs to a baseline of full-text search on the ClueWeb collection. The results for the run using the combined approach and the run searching the anchor text are very similar  , differences only come from the removal of different duplicate results.
These are TagMaps -World Explorer referred to as World Explorer henceforth and Flickr. We review to recent efforts for the visualization and retrieval of annotated/tagged photographs.
We now look at media performance for Instagram  , Youtube  , and Netflix. While weekend and weekday traffic are not significantly different for any of the applications  , all three applications exhibit anthropocentric patterns in their usage over time.
The first is constructed from a subset of the Internet Movie Database IMDB and automatically linked with YAGO 4. RDF Xpress http://www.mpi-inf.mpg.de/yago-naga/ rdf-express/ runs over two RDF knowledge bases.
As groups are self-organized  , plenty of groups fall into a similar topic  , i.e. Groups in Flickr are self-organized communities to share photos and conversations with common interests.
The statistics of the datasets are listed in Table 3. Flickr API supports search criteria including tag  , time  , GPS range  , etc. We select several representative topics including Landscape  , Activity  , Manhattan  , National Park  , Festival  , Car and Food.
Hence  , going back to Figure 1  , if we knew that the person issuing the query was an under-25 female user  , perhaps the original order of QAC candidates could be improved by boosting instagram. In contrast  , the query imdb is issued more often by male users particularly those between the age of 25 to 44.
First  , we hope that sites with an abundance of tagging activity  , such as Delicious or flickr 6   , can use our algorithms to improve item recommendations . We believe this work to be important for two reasons.
The degree distribution of the publicly available Netflix data set is shown in Figure 1 bottom. The user distribution exhibits an marked exponential cut-off  , with puserd ∝ d −1.4 e −d/70   , and shares its form with many scientific collaboration networks 16.
However  , in some application scenarios  , no social functionality is provided e.g.  , Netflix. Experiments conducted on the Douban dataset demonstrate that combining contextual information and social network information greatly improves recommendation quality.
Finance  , Froogle  , EngineSpec  , Zoominfo  , and IMDB. In commercial domains  , many structured portals have been developed  , such as Yahoo !
The UserId is a unique anonymized identifier computed from the Flickr userId in case of logged-in users and from a browser cookie otherwise. Flickr allows users to set specific pages to " private "   , but in our analysis we considered only public pages.
For each search query  , users can select a search engine or social information service  , such as Google  , Yahoo  , Flickr  , or Delicious. Each time a query is entered  , another query input box is dynamically displayed 1.
After completing the rating matrix we compute the NDCG value for every user by sorting the items according to scores: The reason for choosing PMF was that it has shown excellent performance on collaborative filtering tasks such as the Netflix challenge.
However  , it might be useful to allow users to provide query recommendations to others  , that is  , query suggestions that have rating information associated with them in a manner similar to that provided by recommendation services such as Amazon and Netflix. Traditionally  , query suggestions are presented to users without any information about their potential goodness or quality.
When contents of the targeted records were found in a language other than English  , " Google Translate " was employed to translate the content into English for identification. In addition to book retail websites  , IMDB http://www.imdb.com/ and Wikipedia http://www.wikipedia.org/ were used to get more detailed background information about the Harry Potter novel series.
This makes Flickr ideal for localizing POIs in the places where Flickr has coverage. Many of the images that are geotagged and uploaded to Flickr portray POIs and tourist destinations.
Recently  , recommender system has become an effective tool for information filtering  , and has played an important role in many popular web services  , such as Amazon  , YouTube   , Netflix  , Yahoo! To sum up  , the contribution of this paper lies in that:
In this way  , interactive query construction opens the world of structured queries to unskilled users  , who are not familiar with structured query languages  , without actually requiring them to learn such query language. In summary  , we have made the following contributions: i A new type of interaction options based on ontologies to enable scalable interactive query construction  , and a theoretical justification about the effectiveness of these options; ii A scheme to enable efficient generation of top-k structured queries and interaction options   , without the complete knowledge of the query interpretation space; iii An experimental study on Freebase to verify the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed approach; iv To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt to enable effective keyword-based query construction on such a large scale database as Freebase  , considering that most existing work on database keyword search uses only test sets of small schemas  , such as DBLP  , IMDB  , etc.
Majority of research on recommender system has been focused on improving the accuracy of predicting the relevance of individual item with respect to a user 11  , 23. Recommender system has attracted a lot of attention since the Netflix prize 12  , 24  , 20 .
To partly fix that  , in the future  , one could either enrich our list of keywords or use unsupervised techniques to learn the statistical associations of Flickr tags with walkability score. That is likely because matching our keywords with Flickr tags yield sparse results.
Each movie's metadata was enhanced with additional features list of actors  , director  , writer  , screenplay  , and world certificate obtained from the movie's record in IMDB 3 . The set of movie features in this dataset is limited to genre  , title and release year.
Although the user tags are subjective and noisy  , to learn the intermediate feature representation across the two domains  , we selected about 180  , 000 photos tagged with the 272 concepts 650 photos for each from the 10  , 000 active users in Flickr as the training data in the target domain. Training: For each of the 272 concepts  , we randomly selected about 650 images and obtained 180 ,000 images in total from ImageNet as the training data in the source domain.
It is also worth noting that for the concepts in the MIR Flickr dataset  , the average number tagged images is much smaller than that in NUS-WIDE  , thus it suffers an early drop in performance on the MIR Flickr dataset. On the other hand  , when k becomes too large  , noisy relationships would be introduced into the voting graph and hurt the performance.
Such concepts can be derived from crowd intelligence folksonomies such as Wikipedia  , cotagging in Flickr  , or from online bookmarking services such as del.icio.us. Our method is based on associating each word with a weighted vector of concepts.
Among all popular recommender systems we investigated  , only three Netflix  , MovieLens  , Rate Your Music  offer predicted ratings. However  , the recommend task seems to be more prevalent in real world systems.
There are 106 ,970 distinct twig and 3 ,404 distinct path structures in INEX compared to only 3 ,859 distinct twigs and 111 distinct path structures in IMDB. On IMDB  , on the other hand  , BenP robe was superior because of the different structural characteristics of the data.
Netflix graph-based search algorithms are gaining importance. Facebook or movie recommendation networks e.g.
We present empirical results of folksonomy learned from Flickr data in Section 4. Second   , we present simple  , yet intuitive  , statistical frameworks for selecting meaningful relations and joining them in a folksonomy Section 3.
Second  , we are interested in developing tools and features in Flickr that can enable the full viral spread that the theory suggests is possible. leads to a substantial delay and high content locality in information propagation.
Their system aims towards recommending tags for Flickr photo objects. 24 utilize the social network and the similarity between the contents of objects to learn a model for recommending tags.
Groups that allow users to store and manipulate their data  , as well as build their own applications on the Web. This trend is enabled by Web accessible services such as Flickr  , MySpace and Yahoo!
At runtime  , the adapters will output the configuration options when called by the code generator. Examples of configuration information are user ID for Flickr service and API key for Google Maps.
Flickr photos tend to have many and meaningful tags. That criteria's success  , however  , depends on the quality of the tags provided in the collection.
It has a clear block structure Figure 5: These plots are for the sponsored search task where the seed set lies within two nested clusters . The graph is bipartite and was built from the IMDB file relating movies and actresses.
The NUS-WIDE database contains 269 ,648 labeled images crawled from Flickr  , and is manually annotated with 81 categories. Following 16  , 2173 documents are partitioned as training pairs and remaining 693 documents form query set.
We preprocess these tags by discarding the ones that belong to a multi-lingual stop-word dictionary obtaining around 5 million distinct tags. We gathered tags of all public photos in the dataset from Flickr.
We selected the ACL music festival for experimentation purposes as i there exists much related Flickr  , Twitter and Wikipedia content ii there exist many sub-events Evaluation Collection: we collect tweets  , Flickr images and Wikipedia content related to the ACL 2012 music festival .
It allows users to upload their photos and freely annotate them. Flickr 3 is an online photo management and sharing application.
Stopword removal is performed on both documents and queries using the standard INQUERY stopword list. In contrast  , the ClueWeb-B collection is stemmed using the Krovetz stemmer  , which is a " light " stemmer   , as it makes use of inflectional linguistic morphology 19 and is especially suitable for web collections where aggressive stemming can decrease precision at top ranks 31.
For Netflix experiments we used the full Netflix dataset with 100M ratings from 480K users on 17.7K movies. Rank size was validated in the range 5 to 250 for each model.
The missing movies had significantly different titles in both databases and were difficult to match. The ratings extracted from our experts source correspond to 8  , 000 of the total of 17  , 770 movies in the Netflix data set.
We collect the human provided annotations as meta-data to improve future search by keywords. 7 In a fashion similar to Flickr  , PARAgrab supports adding and removing picture tags.
Netflix. uMender assigns a rating to an item I based on the perceptual patterns of I and the cluster to which I belongs.
We are aware that the concept of appeal is highly subjective and difficult to capture. We performed different series of binary classification experiments of Flickr photos into the classes " attractive " and " unattractive " .
Given that several factors can be taken into account in considering a ranking of images  , we identified four importance macro-notions and we list some quantitative features for each of them. Similarly  , interest can originate externally i.e.  , many photos in Flickr are linked from outside of Flickr and thus be important independently of their aesthetic qualities e.g.  , photos of important events.
Instead  , the recommendation systems need to predict the degree of preference a user is likely to exhibit for an item e.g.  , Netflix 5 . Item rating prediction -Here  , the task goes beyond just determining whether an item should be recommended to a user.
For the Gov and Imdb settings Prob-con temporarily even created a larger queue than the TA-sorted baseline using periodic garbage collection  , but Prob-con dropped this large queue quickly after initialization and then distributed the remaining candidate items to multiple small queues. Note that the run-time is not simply a linear function of the sorted accesses but reflects also cache and queue management costs.
Host of academic and industrial incarnations of recommender systems exists in domains such as movies Netflix  , music Pandora  , e-commerce product recommendations eBay  , Amazon. Recommender systems are popular research topics in the information retrieval community.
The task is to classify the webpages as student  , course  , faculty or project. WebKB 3 : This dataset contains 4199 university webpages .
We used the Netflix dataset to demonstrate the superiority of the proposed algorithms over a set of previously considered and non-considered baselines. In particular  , we applied optimal design techniques and devised two greedy algorithms that achieve that goal under certain assumptions.
Due to the high speed of information diffusion  , several web applications have been integrated with Twitter to let people share their opinions about items e.g.  , movies in IMDb 7  , 11. These platforms let people express their opinions and thoughts as fast as possible and this fact makes them a rich source of information about people's everyday lives.
So in order to demonstrate the advantages of SoCo without social information  , we use MovieLens-1M data 11   , which is collected from a movie recommender system. In contrast  , in some application scenarios such as MovieLens 9 and Netflix 10   , social network information is not available.
Since information related to most frequent queries on Flickr is not publicly available  , we use a subset of frequent tags in Flickr 5 as a proxy for single-tag queries. As search results summarization is query-dependent  , we selected 30 representative queries for our study.
For instance the Internet Movie Database IMDB 4 provides two different search fields referring to individuals  , one called " People " persons involved in the creation of a movie and one called " Character " name of the individual portrayed in a movie. The mapping should preserve the different semantics of the search fields.
Similarly   , a characterization of cascades using data from Flickr  , a photo-sharing website  , is illustrated in 4. In 1 the authors analyze the diffusion of information in blogs by applying epidemic models of information spreading.
The performance on the IMDB dataset for these four queries is shown in Figure 11b. Each query either minimizes or maximizes the year and color attributes  , depending on whether it is a classic or new movie query for films in color or in black and white.
Please read the tasks carefully and select the task that you are most familiar with and understand best. ClueWeb Search Instructions A set of tasks will appear on the next screen.
In this subsection there is no prior art algorithm for comparison . The ego network estimators for the Flickr and LiveJournal networks are extremely inaccurate in the 
Table 3imation based CF methods on the MovieLens 10M and Netflix datasets. The Movie- Lens 10M and Netflix datasets are used in this study.
The tags typically represent the content and the context of the image  , and contain very few non-content terms. Flickr data is unique in that the vast majority of tags applied to images are applied by the person who took the photo  , and uploaded it to Flickr.
Retrieving snow or non-snow bins. Our goal is to predict whether or not each geospatial bin had snowcover on each day  , given the photos from Flickr.
The models are then run on the residual corpus to produce final ranked lists. The score indicates the percentage of all documents in ClueWeb that are presumably " spammier " than the document at hand.
For example  , Netflix decomposed their monolithic DVD rental application into services that work together  , and that stream digital entertainment to millions of Netflix customers every day. These services are then composed for fulfilling their business requirements.
This is reasonable considering that there are only a few big budget movies and of these movies an even 0 smaller subset that gross a large sum of money. For the IMDB data set  , there are few large values with the majority of the scores being clustered toward the lower end of the value range for each attribute.
