Protein domains are represented with colored boxes and their accession numbers are indicated in parentheses next to corresponding names in the color legend. Red circles indicate alignment gaps found in region of all Lal2 sequences and in AlSRK14 corresponding to the DUF3660 and DUF3403 domains of all other sequences.Control experiments of finger domain mutant N70C by steady-state and stopped-flow FRET under the same reaction conditions at 20°C. C Stopped-flow control experiments were performed with either unlabeled protein and labeled DNA green trace or labeled protein and unlabeled DNA red trace in the presence of dTTP 1 mM as described in Figure 3.Dharmacon ON-TARGETplus SMART pools of siRNA Thermo Scientific specifically targeted against mouse Nmnat1 L-051136-01  , Nmnat2 L-059190-01  , or Nmnat3 L-051688-01 were used in this study. Other plasmids used were pDsRed2-N1 for expression of variant Discosoma red fluorescent protein DsRed2 and pEGFP-C1 for expression of eGFP both BD Biosciences Clontech.An example of a cultured thalamic explant  , immunostained with β-catenin  , is shown in Figure 2D. In order to monitor the response of thalamic cells to Netrin-1 we employed a culture system in which thalamic explants were cultured on glass coverslips and allowed to extend axons.The full-length MdbHLH3 was fused to the red fluorescent protein RFP tag. The full-length and truncated mutants of MdHXK1 as mentioned in D were fused to the green fluorescent protein GFP tag.Morpholino antisense oligonucleotides MO have been widely used to inhibit gene function in zebrafish embryos 4-7 and are usually used as sequence-specific translation-blocking or splicing-blocking agents. red fluorescent protein DsRed to a gene or promoter of interest  , expression can be easily visualized in living animals 9.In our proof of concept study  , GST-fused  , red shifted green fluorescent protein rsGFP was purified with PEGDA:GSH homogenates. These gels were readily homogenized  , washed  , and used to purify soluble GST proteins.Upper insets in A and B indicate the positions of the recorded basket cells BCs  , white arrows in horizontal slices prepared from mice expressing red fluorescent protein under the control of the Cck promoter CCK-DsRed and mice expressing enhanced green fluorescent protein under the control of the Pvalb promoter PV-EGFP  , respectively. Scales: 50 μm.The extent of the reversal was in proportion to their ability to increase its thermostability. The sharp decreased in fluorescence intensity and red-shift of the fluorescence maximum that accompanied heating of the protein to 70 °C  , indicating a shift of these residues to a more hydrophilic environment  , was reversed by the addition of sorbitol.Thalamic axons were exposed to Netrin-1 for various time intervals 10 minutes  , 1 hour  , or 24 hours and processed for β-catenin immunofluorescence. Cultures were exposed to Netrin-1 400 ng/ml  , a concentration that has previously been shown to stimulate thalamic axon growth 14.In this example the MS2 protein-RNA interaction tagging method is shown with the target RNA red  , MS2-binding motif purple and MS2 protein gray. For in vitro approaches  , a tagged RNA construct is generated and bound to a solid support.As shown in Figure 1c  , Amplex Red assays on total lysates from cells harvested at early confluence also showed a 6.3 ± 1.2-fold increase in the PC-PLC activity in MDA-MB-231 cells in comparison with the non-tumoral counterpart  , whereas the factors of increase were lower for the other BC cells 3.4 ± 0.9 for SKBr3 and 3.3 ± 0.6 for MCF-7. All BC cells showed a higher PC-PLC protein expression in comparison with MCF-10A cells one-way ANOVA P < 0.002  , but the factors of increase were lower in SKBr3 4.9 ± 0.9 and MCF-7 3.4 ± 0.7 than in MDA-MB-231 cells.Protein functional classes are defined by GO functional classification 68. Three datasets are shown: the whole mitochondrial proteome MitoCarta proteins 4; yellow  , intra-mitochondrial blue and inter-compartmental red duplications.Color code of coding exons exons not drawn to scale: exons shared by all variants are colored in dark blue; exons colored in yellow  , light blue  , green  , and red are specific to transcripts CDC14B1  , CDC14B2  , CDC14B3  , and CDC14Bpar  , respectively  , as indicated by the schematic representation of splicing patterns. A Exon and protein structures of CDC14B splice variants.B The predicted C. elegans NATC-1 protein is aligned with homologous proteins CG4065 from the insect Drosophila melanogaster Dm and NAA35 from the vertebrate Homo sapiens Hs 45. am138 red and ok2062 green are deletion mutations  , and am134 is a nonsense mutation at codon 691 blue.We used qRT-PCR to measure levels of LacZ mRNA in thalamic cultures prepared from BAT-gal embryos. First  , we hypothesised that the high levels of β-catenin mediated transcription we observed in the thalamus of BAT-gal embryos Figure 1G are contributed to by Netrin-1.Having observed that SecA and MreB interact genetically  , we asked whether localization of the two proteins depend upon each other. Notably  , we obtained similar results when we used MreB–red fluorescent protein sandwich fusion MreB-RFPSW 35 as a reporter for MreB localization S3A Fig.MDA-MB-231 cells were labeled with green fluorescent protein GFP or red fluorescent protein RFP using retroviral vectors pLNCX2-GFP or pLNCX2-RFP  , respectively Clontech Laboratories  , Mountain View  , CA  , USA. Cells were cultured under continuous selection with gentamicin 50 μg/ml; Calbiochem.Transfected cells with mitochondrial cytochrome c staining are indicated by arrows  , and those with diffuse  , cytosolic cytochrome c staining are indicated by arrowheads. C PC12 cells co-transfected with pEGFP and vehicle control or indicated siRNAs were treated with 400 μM H2O2 for 16 h. Cell morphology was imaged by using phase-contrast microscopy grey  , transfected cells were visualized by the green fluorescence emitted by green fluorescent protein GFP  , and the cellular distribution of cytochrome c was detected by immunostaining with anti-cytochrome c antibody red.Red stands for genes on the forward strand  , and green stands for genes on the reverse strand. Track 3: protein-coding genes located on scaffolds.The distribution of mean shortest path lengths between these proteins in 100 networks with randomly assigned connections is shown. The mean shortest path length between the 175 longevity protein homologs in the network is 4.15 vertical red line.The dotted cluster in A. chrysogenum specifies an unknown protein. Red: PKS  , blue/dark blue: Zn2Cys6 transcription factor; green  , FAD monooxygenase; orange  , MSF transporter; black  , short chain reductase/dehydrogenase; white  , FAD-dependent oxidase.B  , Left Isosurface representation of the nonicosahedrally symmetrised subtomogram averaged PRD1 with tube volume capsid blue  , membrane/tube gold; displayed at 1.5σ in Chimera 59 with the atomic models of the vertex complexes  , the peripentonal P3 MCPs trimers yellow  , the P31 penton protein red  , and the membrane protein P16 with its transmembrane helices magenta PDB code 1W8X at the three contiguous de-capped vertices joined by white lines vertex-to-vertex ∼35 nm. A  , Right Central section of the subtomogram averaged wt PRD1 capsid displaying one of the de-capped vertices red arrowhead; not to scale with previous.A Phase-contrast upper left and fluorescence images of mixed aggregates from primary human breast epithelial cells PHBECs expressing enhanced green fluorescent protein EGFP and h human adipose tissue-derived mesenchymal stem cells hAMSCs expressing red fluorescent protein DsRed2 maintained in suspension. Scale bars 100 μm.The original network was converted to a pruned network by eliminating contigs smaller than 200 bp and duplicating specific hubs red arrows. In the upper left  , the network output original network is shown  , which resulted from automatic reference search  , scaffold links and protein tagging rules.The transactivation decay was based on Tat half-life alone red line. B Pooled single-cell trajectories average of ∼100 cells of an LTR-GFP Jurkat clone incubated in exogenous Tat protein for 4 h and then imaged black squares for 10 h. The downward trajectory of the GFP pulse begins at 9 h after addition of exogenous Tat  , far quicker than predicted in a non–feedback resistor simulation based on a Tat half-life of 8 h red line.The green curve displays the fluorescence intensity of the Wx-Ki-4scFv proteins after adding and co-incubation with 0.5 μg Ki-4 full length antibody. The black curve displays the measurement of the L540cy cells incubated with the secondary antibody α-His AlexaFluor 488 Qiagen  , Germany  , the red curve presents the binding measurement of the Wx-Ki-4scFv protein detected via the α-His AlexaFluor 488 antibody without competitive addition of the monoclonal Ki-4 full length antibody.Agglutination of red blood cells requires the HA trimers to be organized in higher order rosette structures. To determine whether the SDV rHAs contain functionally active forms of the protein  , they were evaluated in a hemagglutination assay using the wild-type H3 rHA protein as control.Inset schematics of facial prominences in A and B indicates FNP  , maxillary prominence MXP and mandibular prominence MNP red were harvested for the experiment. GLI3 protein was also largely eliminated in Gli3;Wnt1-Cre mutant.The predicted L1396Q mutation * is indicated in orange. A Protein sequence alignment around leucine 1396 red shows high conservation across species.Because DsbANlpD27–379 induced an AmiC-dependent red signal on CPRG-containing medium Fig 4H  , it is difficult to know how much of the reduced cell chaining of the nlpD ΔenvC double mutant promoted by this variant is due to normal cell separation activity versus the lysis of cell units within the chains. Thus  , despite retaining the ability to activate AmiC for cell separation  , this NlpD variant does so less efficiently than the wild-type protein.With Oct-4 targeting molecular beacons MB4  , strong fluorescence signal red was detected in undifferentiated cell  , together with strong signal from SSEA-1 protein lower panel in Figure 5A  , and only low beacon signal red can be detected in differentiated cells  , along with very low green signal from SSEA-1. As a negative control  , random beacons were delivered into cells before and after differentiation and showed very weak signal in both cell types red signal in the top panel  , in contrast to the SSEA-1 signal.ACC  , acetyl coA carboxylase; MCD  , malonyl coA decarboxylase; FABP  , fatty acid binding protein; FATP  , fatty acid transport protein; ACSL  , acyl coA synthase long chain 1; HSL  , hormone sensitive lipase; ATGL  , adipose triglyceride lipase; ACBP  , acylcoA binding protein; CPT  , Carnitine Palmitoyl Transferase. Genes whose expression is reduced in Hand1 overexpressing hearts are in red in A.The change in pericarp color from red to white is an important hallmark of rice domestication. We recently cloned the Rc gene  , a bHLH protein  , which is the only reported locus in rice that effects a change from red grain to white grain 9.The expression of GFP protein was further monitored by confocal laser scanning microscopy LSM510 laser scanning microscope  , Carl Zeiss  , Germany. Then the cells were stained with red fluorescent reactive dye L23102  , Life Invitrogen  , USA and DAPI Beyotime  , China in order before detection.Sequences from the 2009 H1N1 pandemics and the clade sustaining them are in red. Phylogeny estimated for the NA protein-coding gene.CSP red triangle is exported by the dedicated ComAB transporter green membrane proteins allowing its capture by ComD blue membrane protein. DNA released from the killed cell could eventually be taken up by the competent attacking cell  , linking genetic transformation and fratricide by cell-to-cell contact.Instead of DNA sequencing analysis as a method for the genotyping of Creb  , we directly examined an expression level of CREB protein in individual transfected neurons using ICC with anti-EGFP Alexa488  , green  , anti-CREB Cy3  , red antibodies and DAPI blue after fixation at 7 DIV. To investigate the effect of the CRISPR/Cas9 vector targeting Creb in dissociated cortical neurons  , pTα1-EGFP was transfected with or without the CRISPR/Cas9 vector.A multisequence alignment of several kinases identifies two conserved tyrosine residues in the kinase domain  , which correspond to Y510 and Y538 of Draf red. C Conservation of Y510 and Y538 in protein kinases.The boxed regions are magnified 3× below the whole chromatin spread images. H and I Chromatin spreads were immunolabeled using antibodies against the HORMA domain containing protein HORMAD1 H  , red or HORMAD2 I  , red and the SC central element protein TEX12 green.Preincubation of the 5G7 with Δ43hpr6  , the cytoplasmic domain of PGRMC1 protein  , which served as the immunogen for 5G7  , blocks specific detection of PGRMC1 red. Breast cancer tissue was labeled with 5G7 with left or without right prior incubation of the antibody with recombinant PGRMC1 protein.Solid and dashed lines indicate average profiles for 193 and 226 genes showing >1.5-fold induction or repression  , respectively  , in mRNA expression after exposure to H2O2 in at least 4 of 7 stress timepoints in experiments mRNA1 and mRNA2 shown in a. d Graph showing average mRNA green and protein red expression profiles log2 ratios in the experiment mRNA2/Protein shown in a.This is because the fraction of ribozyme molecules that are undocked at given time is low in the absence of CYT-19  , whereas a fraction of the protein-bound molecules would be expected to persist in the undocked state during the dead time of 30 s. Fluorescence signals were collected under green laser excitation and then under red laser excitation for colocalization of Cy3 with Cy5. Molecules that were present in the low FRET state at the start of data collection were selected to bias the analysis towards protein-bound ribozymes.red fluorescent protein DsRed to a gene or promoter of interest  , expression can be easily visualized in living animals 9. By linking a fluorescent protein such as enhanced green fluorescent protein eGFP or Discosoma sp.The cumulative distributions of substitution rate for a exons and b promoters as measured for macroRNAs red  , lincRNAs black and protein-coding genes blue. Substitution rates of ncRNA and protein-coding genes.A. clavatus; Aspergillus clavatus. Species in the Onygenales order of Ascomycetes are highlighted in red Hc strains or purple all other Onygenales species and the previously characterized C. fulvum knottin protein  , Avr9  , is highlighted in blue.PLA revealed a robust interaction of NFAT1 and calcineurin red in anti-TCR-activated cells expressing HA-NFAT1  , but not in HA-NFAT1S79A Fig 5D  , left panel. One way to assess molecular interactions in situ is a proximity ligation assay PLA  , in which protein-protein interactions <40 nm can be visualized as individual dots by microscopy.Colour intensity is related to the increasing fold change in protein abundance between young and old constructs Proteins with higher abundance in old are displayed in red; with higher abundance in young – in green; with no difference in abundance between young and old – in white.Conservation of the protein sequence surrounding the mutation is highlighted with residues identical to those in the mouse sequence boxed the mutated leucine is shown in red in the mouse sequence. The 5′- and 3′-untranslated regions are shown as grey boxes and the predicted mitochondrial targeting sequence is shown as a black box predicted using MitoProtII  , 40.b Averages of normalized residue RMSDs for inter-modular residues red and intra-modular residues blue for each protein. a Averages of normalized residue temperature B-factors for inter-modular residues red and intra-modular residues blue for each protein.tRFP  , turbo red fluorescent protein; SCID  , severe combined immunodeficiency. Original magnification was 100× with scale bars at 200 microns.The second transposon design  , the Double-Barrel transposon <DBT>  , Figure 1B  , encodes green and red fluorescent proteins GFP and DsRed in opposite orientations. Therefore  , <DBT> should double the efficiency of random fusion protein generation  , by producing equal numbers of GFP and DsRed fusions.We next turned our attention to the distribution of β-catenin mRNA in the thalamocortical system  , particularly in the axons and growth cones where mRNAs might be locally translated. The rapid changes in β-catenin protein levels in growth cones exposed to Netrin-1 suggest rapid β-catenin protein synthesis  , perhaps followed by its degradation or movement away from the growth cone  , in response to guidance cues.b ,c Double-log scatter plots of RPKM values and the coefficient of determination R for the technical Ribo-Zero replicates b and for Ribo-Zero treatment of fragmented versus intact total RNA c. a The pie charts represent the mapped read distributions of protein-coding genes CDS; blue  , rRNA red  , and other reads tRNA  , non-coding RNA  , small RNA and intergenic regions; gray for undepleted total RNA  , two technical replicates of Ribo-Zero treatment of intact total RNA and for Ribo-Zero treatment of fragmented total RNA.On the other hand  , the monophyly of the grey neck group was only apparent in the MT-CYB topology  , albeit with low support. Moreover  , phylogenetic reconstructions based on SRY and MT-CO1 protein sequence data showed close relations between red neck and grey neck species; this latter topology as well as the MT-CYB topology Additional file 5D corroborated that the red neck trait was not monophyletic.Genes involved in processes associated with cytokinesis are shown in shades of yellow  , nucleic acid and protein synthesis and degradation in shades of red  , and uncharacterized genes in shades of blue. Functional groups were assigned using Gene Ontology information presented in FlyBase or the literature see Table S4.L1 regulates thalamocortical axon fasciculation in the internal capsule and L1 mRNA is upregulated in response to β-catenin signalling in other systems  , expression of β-actin can be regulated by Netrin-1 in Xenopus retinal growth cones  , and Epha4 is required for ordered thalamocortcial axon navigation in the internal capsule and has not been linked with either β-catenin or Netrin-1 function 58-61. As shown in Figure 2B there was a significant increase in LacZ mRNA in cultures exposed to Netrin-1 for 90 minutes compared to untreated controls  , showing that Netrin-1 can induce β-catenin mediated transcription in thalamic cells.The DS-Red tagged spindle pole body protein  , Spc42-DS-Red  , was used to monitor spindle morphology throughout the time course Figure 6B  , dashed black. As cells with SC-like structures diminished those with small numbers of Zip1 foci Figure 6B  , green and no Zip1 staining Figure 6B  , grey appeared.Black arrows indicate the positions of primers used for RT-PCR analysis. Exons are shown as red boxes and blue boxes represent portions of the HFM1 protein with recognized domains.The biological networks were assembled from manually curated protein-protein  , protein-DNA and protein-ligand metabolite interactions  , which are accumulated in the MetaCore™ database. Network nodes with available experimental data are distinguished with red or blue circles  , representing up- or down-regulation  , respectively.F Growth cone β-catenin staining pixel intensity measured after 10 minutes  , 1 hour  , or 24 hours exposure to Netrin-1 expressed relative to untreated controls. D Cultured thalamic explant immunostained for β-catenin with higher magnification of a growth cone in box shown in E.B  , Right Cut-through of the PRD1 particle isosurface rotate by 180° from left showing the missing density of the vesicle regions proximal to the de-capped vertices contoured at 0.35σ. B  , Left Isosurface representation of the nonicosahedrally symmetrised subtomogram averaged PRD1 with tube volume capsid blue  , membrane/tube gold; displayed at 1.5σ in Chimera 59 with the atomic models of the vertex complexes  , the peripentonal P3 MCPs trimers yellow  , the P31 penton protein red  , and the membrane protein P16 with its transmembrane helices magenta PDB code 1W8X at the three contiguous de-capped vertices joined by white lines vertex-to-vertex ∼35 nm.In Chlamydomonas the plus gamete expresses a BELL depicted as B protein while the minus gamete expresses a KNOX K protein; upon gamete fusion the KNOX and BELL proteins heterodimerize and regulate zygotic gene expression. In each life cycle  , a red arrow indicates meiosis  , and haploid grey and diploid green stages are color-coded.Red rectangle highlights that 5 h of GcrA depletion are sufficient to reconstruct ΔgcrA::Ω protein steady-state profiles shown in B. C Immunoblots showing steady-state levels of various proteins after 2  , 5  , or 24 h of GcrA depletion in M2G.Gag proteins are known to mediate the telomer-specific transposition of retrotransposons for telomer maintenance in Drosophila 22. This gene shows highest similarity to a gene prediction encoding a gag protein of a retrotransposon PF03732.10  , e-value <10-16 from the red flower beetle Tribolium castaneum see additional file 2.Nucleotide use and AT and CG skew in chelicerate mitochondrial protein-coding genes. Blue indicates and excess of that nucleotide  , red indicates a deficiency of that nucleotide.Heterologous expression of synthetic spidroin VSO1n fused to 100 repeats of elastin-like peptide 100xELP was controlled by the CaMV 35S promoter. In the protein sequence  , repetitive motifs are highlighted in red and blue.Human PODXL was silenced in MDA-MB-231 cells by lentiviral infection using pLKO.1 containing either a scrambled short-hairpin RNA shRNA shCTRL or a PODXL-targeting shRNA RHS3979-9848792  , shPODXL as recommended by the manufacturer Dharmacon  , Lafayette  , CO  , USA. MDA-MB-231 cells were labeled with green fluorescent protein GFP or red fluorescent protein RFP using retroviral vectors pLNCX2-GFP or pLNCX2-RFP  , respectively Clontech Laboratories  , Mountain View  , CA  , USA.The explanation is expected to lie in the fact that bHLH proteins are found in complexes in maize  , Arabidopsis  , and petunia 19–21  , and different alleles of the interacting proteins are likely to determine the phenotype when Rc is truncated by the C→A substitution. While it is not surprising that a truncated version of the bHLH protein would result in white pericarp  , it is curious that the same truncated protein leads to light red pericarp in some genetic backgrounds.However  , one putative complex included both: three proteins with known mitotic/cell cycle function  , two of which directly interacted with a protein encoded by a gene that gave a significant defect in our RNAi analysis Figure 4A and 4C; asterisk. Many of the putative complexes obtained from the bioinformatics analysis included individual proteins shown to have a mitotic/cell cycle–related function blue  , or proteins encoded by previously uncharacterised genes that showed defects in MT organisation in our RNAi analysis dark red.In the same way  , a pair of symmetric exon 7 reporter minigenes was constructed by cloning the genomic fragment spanning from exon 6 through exon 8 upstream of either of two fluorescent protein cDNA cassettes and by introducing an artificial termination codon into one of the two mutually exclusive exons in each construct Figure 1D. From these minigenes  , we expect expression of Venus-fusion protein E4a-Venus  , monomeric red fluorescent protein mRFP-fusion protein E4b-mRFP and enhanced cyan fluorescent protein ECFP-fusion protein E4c-ECFP only when exon 4a alone  , 4b alone and 4c alone are selected  , respectively Figure 1C.Within tunicates  , a similarly irregular pattern in notochord cells has been reported for Ciona multidom  , a Ci-Bra-downstream notochord gene that does not have counterparts in Oikopleura Additional file 1. However  , the Od-netrin pattern cannot be perfectly superimposed to the pattern seen for either of the two Od-Hox genes  , suggesting that other transcription factors and/or additional regulatory mechanisms might be modulating this peculiar expression.Third  , the fluorescence spectra of the coumarin derivatives are well separated from those of GFP and red fluorescent protein  , making it possible to counter-stain transgenic zebrafish. These differences suggest that the fluorescence intensities of the coumarin derivatives in the retina may be stronger than that of Bodipy-ceramide owing to preferential accumulation of the coumarin derivatives in the neuronal tissues.D Protein expression  , as determined by immunoblotting  , of selected miR-29 targets in proliferating P  , mitogen-starved MS  , or contact inhibited CI states with transfection of a negative control microRNA or miR-29. C Quiescence microarray expression timecourses Figure 2A of each miR-29 target in Table 1 shown in gray  , along with the mean log2 fold change at each timepoint shown in red.We observed germinating cysts as early as 1 hpi  , and found germinating cysts with hyphae penetrating into the plant cells at 8 hpi Figure 1B. Zoospores derived from a transgenic P. capsici strain were used  , which expressed the red fluorescent protein-coding gene tdTomato  , and infection was monitored through confocal microscopy Figure 1B.Representative western blot images were collected using a fluorescence based imaging system odyssey  , Licor where the colours red or green represent the secondary antibody used  , show that increasing concentrations of b docetaxel Dt exerted no significant effect on the expression of integrin-linked kinase ILK  , protein kinase B AKT  , and phosphorylated protein kinase B P-AKT in either cell line. LCC6 and LCC6Her2 cells were treated for eight hours with increasing concentrations of QLT0267  , docetaxel  , or a fixed ratio combination of QLT0267 and docetaxel 50 μm:1 nm to establish dose response curves based on an endpoint measuring suppression of P-AKT levels as determined by western blot analysis.RhoA pathway downregulation by pharmacological means enhances morphological development of OL-lineage cells 25  , 73  , 74  , even in the presence of OL-inhibitory factors 75  , 76. Other proteins such as Netrin-1  , Slit2 and NG2 mediate OPC migration through modulation of RhoA signaling 70–72.H. Over-expression of mutated elbZnF* in all photoreceptors leads to a loss of DRA-specific Rh3 red expression in R8DRA cells white dashed box. G. Schematic illustrating the UAS-construct for over-expression of an Elb protein with a mutated zinc finger both His were altered to Ala  , using site-directed mutagenesis; see Materials and Methods.A Western blot analysis of recombinant protein ZBED6a and ZBED6b and C2C12 protein extracts using the polyclonal antibody raised against the ZBED6 BED domains. C Immunofluorescence analysis of C2C12 cells stained with anti-ZBED6 red and anti-nucleophosmin 1 Npm1; green antibodies.A red number refers to the reference in which interaction of the two connected nodes with a third common protein is reported. A black number between two nodes stands for the reference in which the direct interaction of the two connected nodes is reported.Primers RFP-dev_f and RFP-dev_r Table 1 were used to amplify an 830 bp region which comprises the E. coli lactose lac operon promoter including CAP and RNA polymerase binding sites  , a ribosome binding site and a coding region for mRFP1 followed by a double TAA stop codon. The red fluorescent protein RFP coding device BioBrick BBa_J04450 was chosen since mRFP1 expression by E. coli is easily detected 53.B–D Comparison of CTL1-EGFP green signal with subcellular markers tagged with monomer red fluorescent protein mRFP or mCherry red. Bar = 5 μm.Observed changes in Decr mice are indicated with red arrows. Nuclear translocation of TORC2  , which is needed for activation of the gluconeogenic program  , is controlled by phosphorylation by activated AMPK AMP–activated protein kinase and SIK salt-inducible kinase.The ratio of acetyl-lysine/aSyn ratio is presented. Brain protein extracts of WT and T2.KO young 2 month and old 8 month mice were probed for acetyl-lysine red and aSyn green n = 4 per group.Immuno-FRISH of Hrb87F red and hsrω-n ncRNA green on intact ISWI ISWI Malpighian tubule nuclei shows that the nucleoplasmic Hrb87F proteins also forms “trail”-like structures  , which fully overlap yellow with the hsrω-n ncRNA signal. The Hrb87F protein also co-localizes in the nucleoplasm with the hsrω-n ncRNA in the nucleoplasmic omega speckles 14 as shown by immunostaining for Hrb87F red combined with FRISH for hsrω-n green ncRNA on intact wild type w1118 Malpighian tubule nuclei.A Chromatin spreads were immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red  , the centromere-kinetochore green  , CEN and SMC6 protein which localizes to the pericentromeric heterochromatin clusters also known as “chromocenters” blue. Quantification of pericentromeric heterochromatin clusters “chromocenters” and centromeres in Stag3 control and mutant mouse oocytes.c Approximate primer red locations for assays used to dissect splicing status of MET transcripts. *  , p value < 0.05; **  , p value < 0.01. c  , d Translational control of MET protein expression.The relative significance of over-representation or under-representation established by a hypergeometric test is indicated. The red bars represent the proportion % of protein sequences identified as LGTs per donor lineage compared with the blue bars that show the proportion % of sequences from that lineage in the reference dataset used as the search space for the analyses.daf-2 RNAi treatment prevented the insolubility of multiple proteins that appear with age in the total staining of insoluble proteins in control animals. A Sypro Ruby staining revealed a decrease in overall age-dependent protein insolubility in gon-2−/gonad-less animals treated with daf-2 RNAi compared to control RNAi 1.6-fold compared to a 3.6-fold increase with age  , quantified in the red outlined areas.An alternative mechanism has recently been proposed for myosin VI 28  , which is
thought to function as a force sensor as well as a transporter 29: stable
lead head binding is facilitated by a backward load on the head  , and hence
internal strain between the two necks promotes forward binding of an unbound
head. It is of interest to study whether
the other myosins  , including myosin Va  , also adopt a similar  , strain-dependent
binding for forward bias.These genes are classified into four CEG groups Groups 1-to-4 based on the degree of protein sequence conservation across eukaryotes  , ranging from low Group 1  , to high Group 4 as depicted in the gradient red color bar. A set of 248 low copy number genes that are highly conserved among eukaryotic species CEG is generally used to assess the quality and completeness of eukaryotic genome assemblies.Amyloid fibrils are β-sheet polymers formed from partly unfolded proteins in a nucleation-dependent reaction and are found in tissue deposits associated with disease but also in some functional protein aggregates 26. Furthermore  , the CT fibrils were positive for Congo red staining and showed green birefringence under polarized light Figure 11C  , another hallmark of an amyloid-like fiber 30.Unique genomic deletions and corresponding protein truncations are highlighted in red and with black hatching  , respectively. For each of BZRAP1 a NRXN1 b and MDGA2 c reference loci and encoded proteins top are contrasted against mutant loci and corresponding proteins bottom; grey shading.The color ramp ranges from blue amino-terminal to red carboxyl-terminal. b Three-dimensional structure of the LUSH Protein PDB ID: 1OOI 99  , visualized using the Molecular Biology Toolkit platform 100.Amino acid alignment. Signature features and putative motifs and highlighted as follows: yellow  , transmembrane domains; red  , conserved transport motif; violet  , N-linked glycosilation site; pink  , protein kinase C phosphorylation site; light green  , casein kinase II phosphorylation site; olive green  , tyrosine kinase phosphorylation site; gray  , tyrosine based sorting signal; cyan  , conserved cysteine residues; dark green  , N-myristoylation sitesPhylogenetic inference from subsets. Only set 5 yielded a tree topology that was different red branch from the 47 protein consensus topology top leftgreen fluorescent protein ZsGreen were generated using pRetroX-IRES-DsRedExpress vector and pRetroX-IRES-ZsGreen1 vector Clontech  , CA respectively via retroviral transduction detailed description in Supplemental Experimental Procedures. red fluorescent protein DsRed and human fibroblasts stably expressing Zoanthus sp.Shown in Figure 5A were images of fluorescence signal from targeting Oct-4 mRNA red and SSEA-1 protein green in live undifferentiated and differentiated RA-treated P19 cells. The fluorescence signals were then analyzed using a deconvolution microscope.Our working model is based on the assumption that oligomerization of the IES excisase most likely the domesticated transposase PiggyMac on DNA activates catalytic cleavage at IES ends IESs are drawn in yellow and red triangles highlight the orientation of their ends. IESs from the “forbidden” peak 2 would be too long to allow direct contacts between protein subunits to be established  , and too short to form an excision loop.The red  , blue and yellow boxes label GC kinases with homologies to N. crassa POD-6  , MST-1 and SID-1  , respectively. S. cerevisiae Cdc15 was used as outgroup member multiple alignment parameters: gap opening 50.0  , gap extension 50.0  , delay divergent sequences 30%  , protein weight matrix gonnet series.A A simplified Hh signaling pathway network for mathematic modeling. G and H–H″ Wild-type control discs were immunostained with anti-Ptc antibody to show Ptc protein expression G  , and wing discs expressing Src:Flag:Smurf driven by ap-gal4 were immunostained to show the expression of Ptc red and Flag green H–H″.Representative images are presented. D Cortical neuronal cells 15 d posttransduction were processed for ICC aSyn  , red; microtubule-associated protein 2 MAP2  , green; nuclei  , Hoechst  , blue.Given this uncertainty  , and the relative paucity of genomic data from dinoflagellates and red algae a possible source of alveolate plastids  , HGT of Ashr3 from an algal endosymbiont is purely speculative at this juncture  , and remains one of several possibilities for the acquisition of this protein. At present  , whether the apicoplast is descended from the same endosymbiont that gave rise to other photosynthetic alveolates remains under debate  , as does the taxonomic affiliation of that algal endosymbiont 25 ,26.The position of the bait protein and its most prominent degradation product is highlighted by a red and yellow dot  , respectively. Final EGTA eluates were analyzed by SDS-PAGE and Coomassie staining.For fluorescent labeling of mitochondria  , cells were transfected with pAcGFP1-mito which encodes a fusion of a mitochondrial targeting sequence derived from the precursor of subunit VIII of cytochrome c oxidase and the green fluorescent protein Clontech. After treatment they were stained for 20 min with 0.02 µM MitoTracker Red CMXRos Molecular Probes.These curves show the progressive compaction of bare ssDNA red as coverage with VirE2 proteins occurs  , up to a state where the filament adopts a stable conformation black. Standard force-versus-extension curves pulling and relaxing the tethered DNA molecule without any feedback; “pull and relax” Figure 1B  , inset at lower protein concentration 6 μg/ml  , 100 nM were recorded Figure 3A.Chromatin spreads were immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and pan-cohesin component SMC3 A  , mitotic cohesin components SMC1α B and RAD21 C and meiosis-specific cohesin components RAD21L D  , REC8 E and SMC1β F in green. Chromatin spreads were prepared from purified testicular germ cells of Stag3 and Stag3 mice aged 16 dpp.Treatment with increasing doses of a QLT0267 267 alone or c in combination with Dt showed dose-dependent decrease in P-AKT. Representative western blot images were collected using a fluorescence based imaging system odyssey  , Licor where the colours red or green represent the secondary antibody used  , show that increasing concentrations of b docetaxel Dt exerted no significant effect on the expression of integrin-linked kinase ILK  , protein kinase B AKT  , and phosphorylated protein kinase B P-AKT in either cell line.The modified plasmid was then cut with Spe I and the ends filled by Klenow treatment. To obtain the gene encoding the red fluorescent protein RFP  , construct pTEX-Red 47 was first digested with Bam HI and Bgl II and re-ligated to delete awkward restriction sites.To assess foreign protein production we first cloned the gene for GFP into the CP coding region for the CMVinII and CMVarII variants. We also tested another reporter protein  , the red fluorescent protein RFP  , for expression using CMVinII and CMVarII and obtained essentially identical results to those shown for the variants expressing GFP data not shown.Od-netrin was first detected in a few notochord precursors at the neurula stage Additional file 5  , panel H; at the mid-tailbud/early hatchling stage and Stage 1  , notochord expression was distinctively discontinuous Figure. Proteins of the Netrin family are diffusible chemoattractants required for axon guidance in a wide variety of animals 53.Dramatic difference in males viability was observed depending upon whether or not the mother supplied wild type SUVAR3-7 protein in the egg. Progeny w; msl2 cn/+; Suvar3-7 with red eyes or without white eyes the H83MSL1-H83MSL2 transgenes was counted.C Chromatin spreads were immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red  , the centromere-kinetochore green  , CEN and SMC6 protein which localizes to the pericentromeric heterochromatin clusters also known as “chromocenters” blue. This experiment was performed in triplicate and positive and negative error bars represent the highest and lowest percentage of circular SYCP3 stretches obtained.C Representative flow cytometry dot plot showing separated red fluorescent protein DsRed2-expressing mesenchymal cells and enhanced green fluorescent protein EGFP-expressing epithelial cells from ex vivo co-culture prior to RNA extraction and transcription profiling. hAMSC versus co-culture CC  , P = 7.39E-05; PHBEC versus CC  , P = 0.01312; hAMSC versus PHBEC  , P = 0.00018.Each cell with Abd-B protein expression also express GFP. G GFP expression green in the same gland overlaid onto the Abd-B antibody staining red shown in Figure 2F.In both cases  , the single-copy protein is in a background expressing a cytoplasmic blue fluorescent protein  , while the S. cerevisiae protein is in a background expressing a red fluorescent protein. A Green-fluorescent protein tagged gene cloned from L. kluyveri single-copy protein  , SCP localizes differently than either the Bub1 or Mad3 proteins from S. cerevisiae.Meiotic prophase stages are indicated across the top. A Chromatin spreads were immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red  , the centromere-kinetochore green  , CEN and SMC6 protein which localizes to the pericentromeric heterochromatin clusters also known as “chromocenters” blue.PCR and immunoblotting analysis confirmed successful labelling of regA and carA-1 with red and cyan fluorescent protein  , respectively  , yielding a triple-colour knockin strain Fig. 3a right column.Note: the actual gram-negative envelope is much more complicated and includes  , for example  , the Tat secretory pathway; other specialized protein secretion systems; and additional envelope proteins  , extracellular components  , and pathways. The resulting red color marks the colonies of such mutants and is the basis for the genetic screen described by Paradis-Bleau et al.A and B. Confocal micrographs showing N52 red and myelin basic protein MBP; green staining relationships in the coronal region A; longitudinal plane and in nerve fiber bundles located in the center of the radicular area B; cross-section. Many N52-identified nerve fibers lack myelin staining within different regions of the human dental pulp.The black curve displays the measurement of the L540cy cells incubated with the secondary antibody α-His AlexaFluor 488 Qiagen  , Germany  , the red curve presents the binding measurement of the Wx-Ki-4scFv protein detected via the α-His AlexaFluor 488 antibody without competitive addition of the monoclonal Ki-4 full length antibody. A Ki-4scFv  , B W1-Ki-4scFv  , C W2-Ki-4scFv and D W3-Ki-4scFv.The fluorescence spectrum of QD can be controlled by the constituent materials  , particle size and surface chemistry 36  , making QD suitable for counter-staining of transgenic zebrafish expressing fluorescent proteins 17. Third  , the fluorescence spectra of the coumarin derivatives are well separated from those of GFP and red fluorescent protein  , making it possible to counter-stain transgenic zebrafish.Expression of a GFP-human MAU-2 fusion protein revealed by confocal fluorescence microscopy of transiently transfected HeLa cells is shown in the center and bottom panels. Panel on the right shows merging of DNA image left panel  , red and delangin staining center panel  , green.Protein expressing HF cells were incubated with a suspension of hen red blood cells and hemadsorption was observed under light microscope. A Hemadsorption assay.We also tested another reporter protein  , the red fluorescent protein RFP  , for expression using CMVinII and CMVarII and obtained essentially identical results to those shown for the variants expressing GFP data not shown. This is most likely because these variants do not produce CMV CP  , which is known to be a determinant of CMV systemic spread in plants 21 ,22  , and thus these infections were localized to the infiltrated regions of the treated leaves.In the protein sequence  , repetitive motifs are highlighted in red and blue. A Protein sequence of VSO1 and schematic representation of the plant expression cassette for VSO1n-100 × ELP.We examined the maturation process of phagosomes containing apoptotic cells in C. elegans. In addition  , all green fluorescent protein GFP or monomeric red fluorescence protein mRFP1 21 tagged reporters were expressed specifically in engulfing cells under the control of P  , the ced-1 promoter 15.Blue  , GFAP  , red  , microtubule-associated protein MAP2. b. Transplanted NCSCs are green eGFP. eGFP-positive bNCSCs are located in the peripheral compartment of the dorsal root as well as within the host spinal cord a but only on the surface when dorsal roots were not avulsed b.Cysteines found in the predicted mature protein sequences are colored in red. In the a1-1 and a1-2 alleles  , blue box highlights the predicted signal peptide; arrow indicates conserved position of the intron; red arrowhead marks the predicted cleavage site of the a1-1 and a1-2 preproteins.Localization of PARP1-DsRed red protein was analyzed by confocal microscopy in live Parg mutant Drosophila tissues. I–J The comparison of the PARP1-DsRed protein localization in diploid tissues wing imaginal disk of wild-type I and Parg mutant J  , late third-instar larvae  , is shown.A Schematic representation of the Ixr1 protein. The pK503 plasmid  , containing the DUN1 gene and conferring red color  , is lost in the ixr1-S366F dun1Δ strain transformed with pBAD79 plasmid left panel  , sectoring phenotype  , but not when transformed with pRS414 right panel.To do this  , we simultaneously imaged expression of dsx and fru
50 using UAS-nuclear GFP UAS-Stinger and lexA operator-nuclear tdTomato lexAop-tdTomato::nls red fluorescent protein 50 in males and females at 72 h after puparium formation APF and as 0–12 h adults. In those instances where dsx was expressed in peripheral sensory structures known to contain fru-expressing neurons  , we examined whether their expression overlaps at the cellular level.Kinases analyzed in this study are highlighted in red. Arrows indicate positive regulation of protein activity  , and negative regulation is indicated as interrupted lines.Helices are shown as red cylinders and loop regions are displayed as gray loops. A Orthogonal views of the crystal structure of the full length residues 1–233 Synechocystis GUN4 protein SynGUN4.MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells were obtained from ATCC. These DBTRG cells were transduced with lentivirus expressing red fluorescent protein DBTRG-RFP or Zsgreen DBTRG-Zsgreen as described earlier 10 ,12 to enable their identification from normal CNS parenchyma.The organization of the membrane skeleton in erythrocytes red blood cells includes integral membrane proteins e.g.  , Band 3  , anchoring proteins ankyrin  , spectrin filaments  , and “junctional complexes” short actin filaments  , protein 4.1  , adducin  , tropomodulin  , and tropomyosin; Delaunay 2002. This model is the first step toward understanding the structural function of nuclear actin.Images were collected using a 60× water-immersion Olympus UPlanApo objective numerical aperture  , 1.2  , filtered through a 550-nm long-pass filter Chroma Technology to remove scattered excitation light  , separated into “green” and “red” images using dichroic mirrors  , and focused onto the two halves of a microchannel plate intensified charge-multiplying charge-coupled device CCD I-PentaMAX  , Princeton Instruments  , Roper Scientific  , Inc. The surfaces of both the cover slip and slide were passivated with a mixture of mPEG and biotin-PEG  , allowing for ribozyme immobilization while preventing protein adsorption to the slide surface see Text S2 for description of slide preparation.Meiotic prophase stages are indicated across the top. Oocyte chromatin spreads immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and γH2AX blue.Four novel sequences belonging to the extended LHC protein superfamily were recently reported from the red algae Galdieria sulphuraria and Griffithsia japonica and from the two diatoms Phaeodactylum tricornutum and Thalassiosira pseudonana11. Here  , we elucidate the taxonomic distribution  , phylogeny  , localisation  , expression and potential function of these not yet characterised RedCAPs.The nuclei of the somatic niche cells and to a lesser extent  , the undifferentiated anterior germline cells are marked by a living-cell DNA dye Draq5-Cy5  , shown in red. In this movie and in Movie S2  , centrosomes are marked by a GFP-tagged pericentrosomal protein Centrosomin GFP-Cnn  , shown in green under the control of germline-specific Nos-Gal4 driver.After 2 h of cultivation  , 6.5 × 106 cells were analyzed by FACS and 2 × 106 Crimson-positive cells collected in fresh 20 ml minimal medium without IPTG. For FACS screening  , the mutant stock population containing 7.5 × 108 viable cells per ml was diluted 1:100 in 20 ml minimal medium containing 0.1 mM IPTG to induce expression of the far-red fluorescent protein Crimson  , which was taken as an indicator of metabolically active cells.Node labels indicate both posterior probabilities generated from the Bayesian analysis and bootstrap values of the maximum likelihood tree ML/BY. A phylogeny built using both Bayesian and maximum likelihood methods demonstrates the relatedness of the protein SRCR domain sequences across MARCO blue  , SRAI yellow  , and SCARA5 red.We also demonstrate a novel method for creating glutathione-laden PEGDA microspheres using reverse-phase emulsion polymerization. In our proof of concept study  , GST-fused  , red shifted green fluorescent protein rsGFP was purified with PEGDA:GSH homogenates.DA axons are steered dorsally by interaction of the repulsive cue UNC-6 netrin with receptors  , UNC-40 DCC and UNC-5  , and the CLR-1 receptor tyrosine phosphatase 90 ,91. Embryonic DA motor neurons extend commissures to innervate muscles on the dorsal side whereas larval VA motor axons are retained in the ventral nerve cord.The second component of our model Figure S2 in Additional data file 2  , red box addresses the problem that very few protein interactions are known with certainty. The overall interaction of the proteins is a disjunction of these binding events  , and of an additional 'spurious binding' variable that accounts both for noise in some interaction data sets and for binding outside of motifs in our database.The top panel of Figure 5A demonstrates that signal green from SSEA-1 staining is quite high in undifferentiated cells and is very low in differentiated cells. Shown in Figure 5A were images of fluorescence signal from targeting Oct-4 mRNA red and SSEA-1 protein green in live undifferentiated and differentiated RA-treated P19 cells.E Spermatocyte chromatin spread preparations of Stag3 heterozygote control and Stag3 mutant were immunolabeled using antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red  , HORMA domain containing protein HORMAD2 blue and the SC central element protein TEX12 green. D Oocyte chromatin spread preparations of Stag3 control and mutant were immunolabeled using antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red  , the transverse filament of the central region of the SC SYCP1 green and the centromere-kinetochore blue  , CEN.a The gene expression diagram represents the induced red or repressed green expression measurements of each gene represented as rows in the protein synthesis PS  , ribosomal protein RP  , and induced environmental stress response iESR gene groups for each microarray experiment represented as columns organized temporally within each time course. Gene expression in wild-type and rpd3Δ cells responding to 25°C to 37°C heat shock left panels  , 0.4 mM H2O2 treatment middle panels  , or 0.75 M NaCl exposure right panels as described in Materials and methods.The mitochondrial network was visualised with TOM20 antibodies in HeLa cells or Mitotracker Red in S2R+ cells  , respectively. A Immunocytochemistry of HeLa cells top panel and Schneider 2R+ S2R+  , bottom panel expressing a GFP-tagged CG11418 fusion protein DmMTPAP-GFP.Chromatin spreads from A purified testicular germ cells of Stag3 and Stag3 mice aged 16 dpp and B embryonic ovarian germ cells of Stag3 and Stag3 mice aged 16.5 days post coitum were stained with DAPI blue  , DNA and immunolabeled using antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and the transverse filament of the central region of the SC SYCP1 green. Scale bars  = 10 µmF Chromatin spreads were immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and DNA damage response protein ATR green. The error bars represent the variation between three independent experiments.Note the extensive co-localization of cyto-ALPP mRNA red and Trapα green in the overlay. cyto-ALPP mRNA was visualized by FISH and for Trapα protein by immunofluorescence.This conversion permanently marked all β-cells that were present before the ablation step. We first converted the fluorescence of the Kaede protein from green to red by exposing the larvae to UV light.Equal protein loading was controlled by Ponceau Red staining of membranes. Samples were subjected to 12% SDS-PAGE and transferred to nitrocellulose membranes.Grey boxes represent exons  , and a red box represents the integrated intron 2. Sequence analysis of the PCR products indicate that tef E2I2 MO caused the integration of the 226 nucleotides of intron 2  , which creates a premature stop-codon at position +1 ,303  , generating a truncated  , non-functional protein lacking the proline and acidic amino acid-rich region PAR  , DNA binding domain DBD  , and the basic leucine zipper domain bZIP.C Stopped-flow control experiments were performed with either unlabeled protein and labeled DNA green trace or labeled protein and unlabeled DNA red trace in the presence of dTTP 1 mM as described in Figure 3. Spectra were normalized to 1 by using the donor as a reference.Overall  , from low to high interaction propensities  , the contribution of disorder decreases progressively with respect to that of the full-length protein red and grey lines  , in agreement with a previous analysis 25. B For 66% of the proteins 137 entries  , disorder contributes at low interaction propensities  , while full-length protein sequences dominate at high interaction propensities Mann–Whitney U test.H3K4me stains euchromatin whereas HP1A  , H3K9me  , Rhino-GFP  , and bright DAPI staining all fall within heterochromatin. Nuclei were stained with DAPI that stains DNA blue in merge and antibodies red in merge to HP1A  , HP1B  , HP1C  , H3K9me  , H3K4me  , or fibrillarin a nucleolar protein.If we consider the case of a duplication event red nodes in e  , f and g  , immediately after duplication the duplicate interfaces will be identical and all physical interactions will be maintained e. Changes in physical interactions have several potential consequences for the protein-protein interaction network.E Western blot analyses showed that flies over-expressing p38c have higher amount of Upd3 protein. Mitotic stem cells: red; DAPI: blue.These genes cover almost all the steps of photomorphogenic gene regulation from chromatin remodeling to post-translational protein degradation. After surveying potential light signaling genes in moss genome and those showing light-regulated AS in our data  , we found 36 of them alternatively spliced under red or blue light Table 2 and see Additional file 6.No cross-reactivity was observed with any other test protein. This data shows that 4F9 is highly specific to ERCC1 indicated with red arrows.Alignments of RedCAP amino acid sequences with three-helix members from the extended LHC protein superfamily present in the red FCP/LHCF  , LHCR or LHCX and green CAB  , LHCSR  , ELIP and LHL4 algal lineages confirmed their distinct primary and secondary structure Figure S1 A and B  , see Additional file 3. Overall  , there were fewer potential pigment binding sites in RedCAPs than in LHCs  , which might indicate that RedCAPs are possibly less chlorophyll loaded than LHCs and possibly fulfill a different function.We first converted the fluorescence of the Kaede protein from green to red by exposing the larvae to UV light. Using Tgins:CFP-Eco.NfsB abbreviated as Tgins:CFP-NTR 55 together with Tgins:Kaede 56  , we compared the β-cell regeneration efficiency in control vs. fhl1b MO-injected larvae.The dying process begins around 4 ,500 min indicated by a dotted orange circle in this example  , after which both aggregate amount and mCherry signals increase. A Typical dynamics of Hsp104-associated protein aggregate gray closed circles and constitutively expressed mCherry level red line of an extinct lineage top and a survived lineage bottom.The monophyly of Aotus was corroborated by a single three base deletion in Aotus respective to Cebus SRY Figure 2. The grouping of the red neck species A. nigriceps  , A. infulatus  , A. azarae boliviensis with the grey neck species A. trivirgatus in the SRY topology and the common SRY protein sequence shared by these species Additional file 5A coincided in showing their close relation.Shaded grey bar: PCDHB11 For each protein in the human PCDHB cluster  , the number of positions subject to intra-human variability is shown as black open diamonds scale on left axis and the number of substitutions on the human lineage as red full circles scale on right axis  , same data as in Table 1.b The presence of indels highlighted in red in the protein sequence generates frameshift mutations and serves as evidence of a pseudogenization process. Asterisks indicate the same USP distribution for E. canadensis and E. multilocularis compared to E. granulosus  , and for S. haematobium and O. viverrini compared to S. mansoni and C. sinensis  , respectively.As previously described  , stimulation of mESCs with CD2314  , from day 3 to 6 after EB formation  , was sufficient to induce adipocyte development in this system  , as monitored by the expression of adipocyte differentiation-specific markers such as fatty acid binding protein 4 Fabp4 and lipoprotein lipase Lpl genes Figure 1b  , c  , oil red O staining of triglycerides in mature adipocytes Figure 1d  , e  , and glycerol-phosphate dehydrogenase GPDH activity Figure 1f. A summary scheme of this strategy is given as Figure 1a.Both GbE mRNA and protein were detected in retinal PE  , indicated by red arrows. ISH was carried out with a species-specific antisense probe to detect the GbE mRNA A  , C; for IHC  , a specific GbE-peptide antibody was used to detect the GbE protein B  , D.Alizarin Red S staining was carried out after 21 days. To evaluate the effect of FGF-23 on mineralization we cultured osteoblastic cells isolated from C57BL/6J wild-type calvariae in mineralization medium alone vehicle or mineralization medium containing hFGF-23 protein.a Positive derlin-1 expression was detected in the cytoplasm of tumor cells blue arrow but not in the adjacent mammary epithelial cells red arrows. Representative immunohistochemical staining for derlin-1 protein in normal human mammary glands and breast cancer tissues.Data source: Third instar larvae. A. Heatmap illustrating protein enrichment red – enrichment  , blue – depletion for genes are ordered by their PI changes in HP1a mutants in grey below enrichment panel.Identification of a conserved signal mediating protein export from P. falciparum into the host red blood cell has facilitated the systematic identification of the 'exportomes' of malaria parasites. It is likely that the conserved core exported proteins are important in the remodeling of the host erythrocyte for the different malaria species  , while the genes that are specific for the much larger exportome of P. falciparum probably encode proteins that are directly or indirectly involved in the different properties of this parasite.Purple represents edges supported by both genetic interactions and protein interactions. Edges drawn from both genetic interactions and microarray data are in red.The nucleotide skew for each of the 13 mitochondrial protein-coding genes of . An excess of adenine is depicted as an upward blue bar  , while an excess of thymine is depicted as a downward red bar.The average frequency of each type of gene characteristic among the five most important variables see Materials and methods for the variable performance measure: phenotype brown; protein complex and/or cellular localization blue; transcription regulation green; and protein sequence pattern red. GO  , Gene Ontology.For final endotoxin removal the protein solution was passed four times over a 1 mL Profos endotrap red column Hyglos GmbH. Fractions containing pure 85 D antigen were pooled and underwent a buffer exchange step on a Sephadex G25 fine column GE Healthcare into 10 mM NH4HCO3  , pH 7 ,9.First  , we analyzed derlin family proteins  , which are required for both the ER-associated protein degradation system ERAD and the symbiont-specific ERAD-like machinery SELMA for transport through the periplastidal membrane of complex red plastids supplementary fig. Sixteen novel cDNA sequences of Chromera and Prorocentrum have been deposited in GenBank KJ194480–KJ194495.C Temporal behavior in a single stochastic simulation 94 of the expression of two model genes  , geneA blue line and geneP red  , regulated by sRNA and protein regulators respectively. B Steady-state solution of a model for protein regulators Supporting Text S1  , where the strength of repression is independent of target transcription rate.ID numbers in red refer to USP proteins for which RNA-seq data was available  , to facilitate the comparison between sequence modification and gene expression patterns. Below  , alignment of USP protein sequences showing modifications in the protein motif.A response profile was generated on the Octet RED system. The interaction between small molecule and protein was measured in real time as a shift in the interference pattern of the incident light.Similarly  , red and blue squares are used to indicate Sec and Cys residues in SelP sequences  , respectively. Crossed black circles are used to show the loss of protein during evolution.The A and P compartments are indicated. E Examples of clones of cells in ci>GFP left panel and ci>GFP  , Dp110 right panel wing discs and induced in the developmental time points shown in C and D. The transgene-expressing domain is marked with GFP in green  , and the clones are labeled by the absence of nuclear red fluorescent protein RFP  , red expression.Interestingly  , the same PHISTb and PHISTc genes also appear upregulated in parasites directly extracted from infected patients compared to the culture-adapted 3D7 56. While most PHISTb and PHISTc genes show transcriptional peaks mainly in early asexual stages  , three recently published microarray studies 52-54 indicate that a number of genes from these two subfamilies plus most paralogs of the PfMC-2TM family  , and an infected red blood cell membrane protein PIESP2 55 are specifically upregulated in early gametocyte stages see Additional data file 2.However  , SirT1 deacetylation red arrow can back-convert Tat
A to Tat
D  , and SirT1 deacetylation of Tat
A is significantly faster than p300 acetylation of Tat
D. To account for intrinsic dynamics of the NF-κB response and NF-κB p50-HDAC effects on local chromatin environment  , a time-varying basal expression parameter k
basal can be included in the TatD equation  , but this was unnecessary did not qualitatively alter the behavior of the model. Acetylated Tat protein Tat
A  , blue triangle is the limiting reagent  , which completes the transactivation loop by recruiting SWI/SNF.Non-specific interactions in solution are labeled NS and represented by blue RNA fragments. RNA-protein crosslinks are represented by red Xs.The pictures inside the red frame indicate the abnormal immunopattern of a protein in a mutation affecting another protein. Immunopatterns of each protein on polytene chromosomes of wild-type larvae top row and larvae mutant for the genes encoding each of the other proteins.Clusters of NaChs are seen in fibers with and without myelin. A. Confocal micrograph showing NaCh red  , N52 green  , and myelin basic protein MBP; blue staining relationships.Furthermore  , the distribution of the fluorescence within the cells is different because of the nature of the respective reporter protein. The expression is by and large overlapping with few exceptions where green cells appear to be stained more strongly than red cells.Any cellular activity that negatively affects ADE2 transcription or Ade2 protein stability  , even independently of Ure2  , could also produce similar red colony color phenotype as seen for ure-o. As described in Materials and Methods  , the red phenotype in ure-o cells is due to repression of ADE2 transcription by Ure2 protein.A Western blotting analysis performed with protein extract from all facial prominences of wild-type  , Gli2;Wnt1-Cre and Gli2;Wnt1-Cre embryos. Inset schematics of facial prominences in A and B indicates FNP  , maxillary prominence MXP and mandibular prominence MNP red were harvested for the experiment.Sequences shown to possess robust activity red correlate with both the highest occupancy and DNase I activity  , whereas sites incapable of insulator activity are marked by low occupancy P < 0.01  , Wilcoxon rank sum test  , two-sided. d Architectural protein occupancy and DNase I hypersensitivity at DNA fragments previously tested for enhancer-blocking activity in transgenic reporter assays 13 ,51 ,52.The two nuclei of the cells can also be seen as slightly more intense GFP signals; E The tip of the accessory gland with GFP expressed specifically in the secondary cells driven by the Abd-B-Gal4 BAC green  , co-stained with the membrane staining dye  , FM4–64  , in red. The multiple  , large vacuoles  , characteristic of secondary cells  , can be visualized through their exclusion of the GFP protein.D Schematic of Fscn1a protein structure  , including N-terminal and C-terminal actin binding sites and S39 regulatory residue. C Nucleotide sequences of fscn1a mutant alleles showing locations of different deletions and insertions that create nonsense mutations red.Knock-down of either protein causes similar accumulation of neutral lipid. C Lipid droplets of posterior midguts upon MTP  , LTP or Lpp RNAi  , visualized with Nile red.Nucleotides and corresponding amino acid residues that are absent in an alternatively spliced product are shown in italics. Start codon is marked in green  , stop codon in red  , exons in grey  , and ITIM in the protein sequence in yellow.Orthovanadate bridges the DNA 5′-OH group  , 3′-OH group  , and the Tyr405 sidechain in the wild-type TelA hairpin–vanadate complex. Simulated annealing composite omit 2Fo-Fc densities within 2.0 Å from the DNA or active site protein atoms are shown  , contoured at 1.5 σ blue or 7.0 σ red.Plants that have lost the capacity for photosynthesis are labeled by red. 2010  , branch lengths are inferred from the analysis of 14 shared plastid protein-coding genes.Yellow puncta represent apposition of muskelin and SV2-positive signals arrows indicative for synaptic localization of muskelin. B Co-staining of endogenous muskelin red and synaptic vesicle protein SV2 green.PfEMP1 is encoded by the epigenetically regulated var multigene family  , and is implicated in cytoadherence of infected red blood cells to various host cells; a causative factor in the severe pathology of the disease 2-4. Knob-associated histidine-rich protein KAHRP is a structural knob component that anchors the major virulence factor Plasmodium falciparum erythrocyte surface protein 1 PfEMP1 on the knob surface 1.The dot plot shows the distribution of candidate transcripts where the AUGCAIr score of the initiator AUG is plotted against the score for the downstream out-of-frame AUG. Red dots correspond to transcripts considered to be likely candidates for leaky scanning based solely on the presence of U or C at the −3 position. The bar chart shows the distribution of AUGCAIr scores for protein-coding transcripts that satisfy criteria for targeting by leaky scanning.To inhibit apoptosis  , Congo Red was incubated with the cells for 5–10 min before adding the protein of interest. Cells were incubated with the samples for 72 h. As an additional control  , cells were treated with an equivalent amount of 100 mM phosphate butter pH 7.2 in the absence of tau  , and no effect was detected.B Western Blot analysis of RAS protein expression for the HaCaT cell lines and its derivatives HaCaTI7  , HaCaTII4  , A5RT3  , shows clear RAS overexpression measured in A5RT3. A Shown are in silico-generated gene expression oscillations with wild type WT in blue  , RAS overexpressing in red i.e.  , reducing the BMAL1 mediated-transcription by 60% ktt = 0.4 compared to WT and reducing RAS activity i.e.  , increasing BMAL1 mediated-transcription by 60% ktt = 1.6 in green.Images in B show three examples of surface-spread chromosomes from homozygous P meiotic nuclei sporulated in the absence of β-estradiol  , immunostained for the meiotic axis protein  , Red1 red and for Zip1 green. Table in A gives sporulation efficiency and spore viability of wild type 1919 and homozygous P K62 strains in which ZIP1 expression is driven by an inducible promoter at its endogenous locus  , with or without extended incubation with β-estradiol.Bronze1 Bz1 encodes the glycosyl transferase that synthesises the red vacuolar pigment cyanidin-3-glucoside. We analysed the expression and protein sequence relationships of two genes with functions in anthocyanin biosynthesis.Like ribosomal proteins  , PSP94-like genes showed high CAI and Nc values  , suggesting that PSP94-like genes are also highly expressed genes. Red circles stand for 11 prostatic secretory protein of 94 amino acids PSP94-like genes.B For 66% of the proteins 137 entries  , disorder contributes at low interaction propensities  , while full-length protein sequences dominate at high interaction propensities Mann–Whitney U test. When the interaction propensity score of a disordered region exceeds that of the full-length protein points above the red line  , disorder is considered to promote interaction with RNA molecules.A In situ hybridisation for Netrin-1 mRNA purple signal on a coronal E14.5 forebrain section. Effect of Netrin-1 on thalamic cells and axons.On the y-axis the cumulative relative abundance is plotted against the stepwise increasing SDS concentration on the x-axis. aVisualization of the elution profiles of the known consensus protein groups  , dynactin DCTN  , red  , cytoplasmic dynein 1 module DYN  , blue  , after analysis by liquid chromatography coupled to tandem mass spectrometry LC-MS/MS and label-free quantification.Time lapse movies have been acquired for 2–5 minutes. Chromatin is seen in red in clips 2–4 because of a transgene expressing the H2A-RFP fusion histone protein.c Non-deconvolved image of SPD_1711-GFP up to 120 mpi. GFP fusions were introduced in the ∆cps2E strain expressing red fluorescent protein RFP fused to HlpA.The red line represents the cleavage site. Masc-R contains 5 nucleotide substitutions red characters from the wild-type sequence  , which makes it resistant to cleavage by the Fem piRNA-PIWI protein complex.D Oocyte chromatin spread preparations of Stag3 control and mutant were immunolabeled using antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red  , the transverse filament of the central region of the SC SYCP1 green and the centromere-kinetochore blue  , CEN. C Spermatocyte chromatin spread preparations of Stag3 control and mutant were immunolabeled using antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red  , HORMA domain containing protein HORMAD1 blue and the SC central element protein TEX12 green.Following gel separation and Coomassie Blue staining  , the identified cBIN1 protein band indicated by red arrow was cut and subjected to trypsin digestion  , followed by mass spectrometry. To further confirm the protein identity of the cBIN1 band detected by antibody-based western blots  , we performed mass spectrometry analysis of cBIN1 protein bands immunoprecipitated from human heart lysates.The numbers indicate the MitoP2 predictive score. Red denotes a protein that was detected under fermentable and green under nonfermentable growth conditions by our proteomic dataset; white indicates proteins that were not detected.TAT-2 is a membrane protein with 8 predicted transmembrane domains red and several consensus domains for all classes of P-type ATPases blue or specific for the P4 P-type ATPase green. B Schematic representation of the tat-2 coding region and the lesions of the two alleles.Each experiment was performed at least twice. J Chromatin spreads were immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and crossover protein MLH1 green.Note the similarities between these signaling molecules from tumors red and livers green regarding differential statistically significant levels among prognosis clusters. E Distribution of some protein signaling molecules from tumors and livers across the different prognosis clusters.Example 2: this region encodes a portion of the HBV polymerase protein and also contains a binding site for the transcription factor RFX1 8. The G to A mutation between the two isolates shown in red is synonymous with respect to the polymerase gene but nonsynonymous with respect to the overlapping HbsAg gene.F Chromatin spreads stained with DAPI blue  , DNA and immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and the pan-cohesin component SMC3 green. S4A and C. F and G Chromatin spreads from purified and short-term cultured testicular germ cells of Stag3 and Stag3 mice aged 20 dpp following treatment with 5 µM of okadaic acid.In addition  , all apicomplexan Ashr3/Set2 sequences are recovered as a monophyletic group Additional file 1  , indicating a single transfer event before the radiation of extant apicomplexans. Although we were unable to identify Ashr3 genes in either green or red algae  , they are present in early land plants  , and phylogenetic analyses  , both ours and previous 23  , indicate that Ashr3 is a relatively ancient SET protein family.RBP  , RNA-binding protein. We highlighted in red the portion of the folded RNA molecule that will be accessed to extract features when the parameters for the NSPD Kernel are radius + distance = 5.Nonetheless  , a complete inability of milk protein digestion might be expected to cause lethality or at least cause weight loss. Indeed  , the Oil Red O staining revealed a distribution of fat droplets in the lacteals of Trpml3 villi  , despite the severe vacuolation of their enterocytes S3 Figure.The RFP-tagged protein was also detected in vesicles of the intestine and coelomocytes  , indicating that R2E2 is released from muscle cells and endocytosed by these tissues. These tubular structures containing R2E2m::RFP  , exhibited directed movement within and between muscle cells red color indicates vesicles that were only visible with the RFP tag.While ELIPs and LHL4 are found exclusively in the green lineage  , SEPs and OHPs are shared between red and green algae 8 ,11 ,20. The LHC-like protein family is divided into early light-induced proteins ELIPs  , stress-enhanced proteins SEPs  , also called light-harvesting-like LIL proteins  , one-helix proteins OHPs  , also called high light-induced proteins HLIPs  , and high light HL intensity-inducible LHC-like 4 LHL4 proteins 1 ,20.An iPS cell line derived from tail-tip fibroblasts 256H18 was kindly provided by Dr. Shinya Yamanaka Kyoto University. These cells also carried the Discosoma red fluorescent protein DsRed gene driven by the cytomegalovirus early enhancer/chicken β actin promoter 6 ,7.Protein maximum likelihood phylogeny of cytochrome oxidase 3 . Major groups are labeled to the right  , with diatoms red and dinoflagellates purple indicated by a box and D. baltica and K. foliaceum genes in black.Yeast two-hybrid assays can be noisy 24 ,25  , with a non-trivial fraction of both false positives and false negatives  , while affinity purification detects protein complexes instead of the pairwise physical interactions that are the basis for inferring direct binding sites. The second component of our model Figure S2 in Additional data file 2  , red box addresses the problem that very few protein interactions are known with certainty.While it is not surprising that a truncated version of the bHLH protein would result in white pericarp  , it is curious that the same truncated protein leads to light red pericarp in some genetic backgrounds. As previously reported  , the C→A transversion in exon 6 of the Rc gene results in a premature stop codon that truncates the protein before the bHLH domain.s  , significant protein sequence acceleration; ns  , nonsignificant difference in protein evolution rates calculated as explained in Materials and Methods. B Relation between expression pattern divergence calculated as explained in the Materials and Methods section and coding sequence divergence Ka/Ks ratio for the pairs with similar evolution rates blue circles  , ns  , the same as in A except for RORγ  , for which Ks is too saturated to be calculated and for the pairs with an acceleration of the evolutionary rate of one duplicate red squares  , s  , the same as in A except for PPARα  , a nonexpressed pair  , and SHP  , for which Ks is too saturated to be calculated.Guinea pig α-Shep red was detected with α-guinea pig conjugated Alexa-594. A Localization of Shep and each gypsy insulator protein as indicated on larval salivary gland polytene chromosomes.To monitor autophagic flux we expressed GFP-mCherry-Atg8a protein in the fat body of wild-type and wdr24 mutant larvae. The double-tagged Atg8a protein is yellow green merged with red in autophagosomes  , which are nonacidic structures but is red in autolysosomes due to the quenching of GFP fluorescence in acidic conditions 31.Metastatic foci of tumor cells expressing red fluorescent protein on the dorsal surface of the left lung lobe were imaged 38 days after tumor cell inoculation upper panel. c Spontaneous lung metastasis from orthotopic sites.Green and red colors originate from the Alexa Fluor 488-labeled and Alexa Fluor 568-conjugated anti-TuJ1 antibody  , respectively. Protein coating concentration was 0.1 μM b  , c ,e and f or 5 μM g and h.D  , D′ Expression of unk in unk mutant cells using MARCM rescues the R1/6 precocious differentiation phenotype marked by Bar expression red. C  , C′ Complete loss of Unk protein expression red in C and white in C′ in an unk mutant clone.Analysis of the epitope. Only protein chain A is shown  , atoms are displayed as space filling balls  , epitopes are marked in yellow  , distance measurement in red.C PC12 cells co-transfected with pEGFP and vehicle control or indicated siRNAs were treated with 400 μM H2O2 for 16 h. Cell morphology was imaged by using phase-contrast microscopy grey  , transfected cells were visualized by the green fluorescence emitted by green fluorescent protein GFP  , and the cellular distribution of cytochrome c was detected by immunostaining with anti-cytochrome c antibody red. Scale bar  , 10 μm.Promoters of the operons epsA-O B and tapA-sipW-tasA C encoding exopolysaccharides and amyloid-like protein fibers  , respectively  , were fused to the butterfly luciferase gene luc and tested for transcription activity in B. subtilis BSB1 WT blue lines and RM red lines cells grown in liquid biofilm-stimulating medium MSgg as described in Materials and Methods. B and C Rho inactivation decreases expression of biofilm-specific genes.Site-specific variation mostly increased across the protein even in the absence of treatment  , but decreased at some sites. The size of the circles is proportional to the entropy change  , and blue marks an increase while red implies a decrease in entropy at that site  , compared to 1998 the first year in our analysis.The gene characteristic types are organized according to their order in Table 3. The average frequency of each type of gene characteristic among the five most important variables see Materials and methods for the variable performance measure: phenotype brown; protein complex and/or cellular localization blue; transcription regulation green; and protein sequence pattern red.B LacZ mRNA levels in cultured BAT-gal thalamic explants. B ,C mRNA levels measured after 90 minutes exposure to Netrin-1 expressed relative to untreated controls.To represent this scenario we chose the sequences of the red fluorescent protein from Discosoma sp. Most family shuffling experiments are performed using genes from closely related organisms with DNA identity levels greater than 75%  , due in part to the homology limits of the DNA shuffling protocol.As thalamic axons extend towards the cerebral cortex their growth cones become increasingly distant from the cell body posing a potential logistical problem if all new protein must be translocated from the cell body. A key finding in this study is the rapid increase in the levels of β-catenin protein in thalamic growth cones in response to the axon guidance cue Netrin-1.RNA-protein crosslinks are represented by red Xs. a Schematic of native and denaturing methods.These ectopic parvalbumin-positive cells did not express other hair cell markers such as Myosin VI or show hair bundles with phalloidin staining  , suggesting these ectopic cells are not bona fide hair cells  , but rather represent mis-expression of at least one hair cell marker. We also found that the hair cell marker parvalbumin is occasionally ectopically expressed in the Hensen's cell region of Tg/Tg mutants Figure 4B.C Wnd kinase specifically down-regulates the expression of UAS-Kn  , but not UAS-RedStinger a nuclear red fluorescent protein 66 in a posttranscriptional manner. B Quantification of total dendrite length left and number of dendrite termini right of ddaEs of denoted genotypes.The double-tagged Atg8a protein is yellow green merged with red in autophagosomes  , which are nonacidic structures but is red in autolysosomes due to the quenching of GFP fluorescence in acidic conditions 31. In Drosophila  , a tagged version of the autophagic marker Atg8a GFP-mCherry-Atg8a can be used to examine autophagic flux 29.We performed an unbiased screen for mRNAs present in thalamic axons  , recovered β-catenin transcripts at high frequency and identified other transcripts in thalamic axons. Local translation of mRNAs in growth cones is a well established mechanism to facilitate rapid changes in growth cone protein levels in response to guidance cues including Netrin-1 so we hypothesised that thalamic axons might contain β-catenin mRNA 44-56.B Confocal microscopy images of tomato leaves infected with a transgenic P. capsici strain expressing the fluorescent protein TdTomato red. A Tomato leaves infected with zoospore suspensions of P. capsici at 2-4  , 8  , 24  , 48  , and 72 hours post-infection hpi.Subsequently  , the gel was stained with 0.1 % Congo-red to localize the band of protein with xylanase activity. 37 after non-denaturing electrophoresis  , the gel was incubated in acetate buffer pH 5 for 30 min and thereafter at 60 0C for 15 min in the same buffer.The resulting red color marks the colonies of such mutants and is the basis for the genetic screen described by Paradis-Bleau et al. The vertical central zone represents envelope damage that may accompany mutations in these pathways; breakdown of envelope integrity may allow the cytoplasmic LacZ protein to come into contact with and hydrolyze the extracellular compound CPRG chlorophenyl red-β-D-galactopyranoside.The red signals are from FM4-64 staining. The green fluorescent protein GFP signals indicate the abundance of several auxin transporters  , including PIN1pro:PIN1:GFP A  , PIN2pro:PIN2:GFP B  , PIN3pro:PIN3:GFP C  , AUX1pro:AUX1:GFP D  , and LAX3pro:LAX3:GFP E  , in 4-day-old primary root of the wild type WT and the ctl1 mutant.E Flow cytometry analysis left panels and quantification right panel  , n = 4 in each genotype of Mitotracker Red CMXRos in combination with CD71 surface expression of WT and Foxo3
 peripheral blood. Quantification of the LC3B-II protein is normalized to total actin  , and the relative accumulation of LC3B-II is quantified bottom panel.Cells turn yellow  , accompanied by changes in protein and enzyme activities that resemble those of senescing mesophyll cells 28  , and a red pigment is secreted into the medium 29-31. A strikingly senescence-like response during the change of trophic condition on removal of light and nitrogen source is seen in cultures of Auxenochlorella formerly Chlorella protothecoides.In agreement with previous data  , a monosynaptic connection from CCKBCs to CCKBCs and from PVBCs to PVBCs could be detected with high probability with a protocol evoking a train of action potentials in the presynaptic interneuron and monitoring the unitary events in the postsynaptic interneuron Fig 1E and 1F. To verify that  , in the BA  , CCKBCs and PVBCs innervate their own kind as in other cortical regions 20–24  , we performed paired whole-cell recordings from 2 interneurons in slices prepared from mice expressing red fluorescent protein under the control of the Cck promoter CCK-DsRed and from mice which expressed enhanced green fluorescent protein under the control of the Pvalb promoter PV-eGFP  , respectively 37.In the normal rachis  , feather keratin protein red is expressed in the dorsal part and in regions surrounding the medulla  , while K75 protein green is expressed in the ventral rachis as well as at lower density in the medulla. Figure 5I shows staining of a section at level II  , adjacent to the section shown in Figure 2B.B The conserved TM protein; the amino acid numbering is based on HumanCEACAM1. A Modeled TM helices of HumanCEACAM1 purple  , LizardCeacam19 gold  , FrogCea7 green  , and ZebrafishCea1 red.The sera from Salmonella-positive pigs according to „Pig Screen“ ELISA are marked dark blue  , the sera from Salmonella-negative pigs according to „Pig Screen“ ELISA are marked orange  , the mixture of positive sera used for the selection of immunogenic proteins is marked green  , the piglet serum is marked dark red and the detection system control only detection antibodies is marked in light blue. ELISA for analysis of identified immunogenicTyphimurium proteins with defined pig sera.1: putative dihydroyacid dehydratase; 2: putative electron transfer protein alpha; 3: 2 ,4-dienyl-CoA reductase  , 4: phage tail like protein; 5: putative dimethyl sulphoxide reductase.Generally  , the computed quality of fit and mRNA expression show a separation into two populations Figure 2b  , red dot for Ubxn2b. A single PolII ChIP-seq profile and its model fit are shown in Figure 2a for UBX domain protein 2B Ubxn2b  , a particularly high-quality example.S2 distance and U2AF1 gene conservation. B Alignment of the U2AF1 protein with indicated insertions black triangles  , the intron position blue arrow and protein domain structure; green arrows  , β-strands; red boxes  , α-helices.Phylogenetic tree of multicopper oxidases from  ID numbers refer to protein models in the JGI MycoCosm http://genome.jgi-psf.org/programs/fungi/index.jsf  , other accession numbers to the NCBI database http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/  , specific names to proteins specified with accession numbers in Hoegger et al. Proteins from P. gigantea are highlighted in red.Profiles were taken along the AP axis and plotted in absolute positions. K Wing imaginal discs left panels of ci>GFP and ci>dally
 larvae labelled to visualize pMAD protein in white and average pMAD profiles right panels of wing discs expressing GFP red line or dally
 green line in the ci domain.Green bars indicate enrichments in the intersection of each dataset with Munich Information Center for Protein Sequences MIPS complexes. In the inset  , red bars are the same as in panel a and are in the same order as in both panels a and b.Stars indicate the location of positively selected sites in CCR3: Green stars indicate positively sites with a Bayes Empirical Bayes posterior probability ≤ 95%  , blue stars indicate positively sites with posterior probability ≥95%  , red stars indicate sites under positive selection with posterior probability of ≥99%. Location of CCR3 Positively Selected Codon Sites in Extracellular Receptor Protein Domains.Primers for genotyping are depicted as black arrows. The DM14 and C2 protein domains are marked in green and red  , respectively.This experiment demonstrates rapid and dynamic fluctuations in growth cone β-catenin concentration in response to the thalamocortical guidance cue Netrin-1. One day after adding Netrin-1 values were similar to those in untreated growth cones.All six of the identified codons map just downstream of the Lig4-binding domain red dots in Figure 4A  , in a region of the protein where the structure is predicted to transition from an alpha-helix to an unstructured domain. The partial crystal structure of the XRCC4 dimer in complex with its binding partner  , Lig4  , has been solved 38.Arrows represent RAD51 aggregates not associated with SYCP3 stretches. C Chromatin spreads were immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and single-end invasion protein RAD51 green.Identification of early growth-response factor 1 EGR1 and X-box binding protein 1 XBP1 in specific datasets is indicated. Dark red indicates TPG whole transcript changes  , and light red indicates transcripts that display a change in exon abundance upon TPG.C α-Sano antibody green recognized overexpressed Sano protein in the cytoplasm with apical enrichment in the trachea. GFP signal green is observed in the cytoplasm and is enriched in the apical domain where Crb  , an apical membrane marker  , localizes red.B ,C mRNA levels measured after 90 minutes exposure to Netrin-1 expressed relative to untreated controls. A In situ hybridisation for Netrin-1 mRNA purple signal on a coronal E14.5 forebrain section.Sites marked were candidates for selection according to PAML M8 BEB results red  , and had differences in the chicken populations compared to the red JF genome or samples green. A multiple sequence alignment of zebra finch and other bird samples protein-coding sequences.The structure and function of the D1 protein are conserved among cyanobacteria  , red algae and plants 53 ,54. Moreover  , the further research on the relationships between positively selected mutations among psbA gene from fern species and the biodiversity will have great impacts on the understanding of fern evolutionary biology.On the other hand  , intact cells would express membrane-bound tdTomato mT  , a red fluorescence protein. The expressed Cre recombinase in basal cells would result in excision of the stop cassette in the reporter  , thus marking the basal cells and their progeny  , including luminal cells  , with membrane-bound GFP mG.From these minigenes  , we expect expression of Venus-fusion protein E4a-Venus  , monomeric red fluorescent protein mRFP-fusion protein E4b-mRFP and enhanced cyan fluorescent protein ECFP-fusion protein E4c-ECFP only when exon 4a alone  , 4b alone and 4c alone are selected  , respectively Figure 1C. A trio of symmetric reporter minigenes for exon 4 was constructed by cloning the genomic fragment spanning from exon 3 through exon 5 upstream of one of three fluorescent protein cDNA cassettes and by introducing artificial termination codons into two of the three mutually exclusive exons in each construct Figure 1C.In contrast  , unc-5  , unc-40 and clr-1 are not elevated in larval VA motor neurons  , which consequently innervate muscles on the ventral side. The dorsal trajectory of DA motor neuron outgrowth depends on the UNC-6/netrin receptor genes  , unc-5 and unc-40  , and the receptor protein tyrosine phosphatase RPTP clr-1 gene 90 ,91  , all three of which are enriched in the embryonic A-class dataset Figure 12.All images taken at 40× magnification  , scale bar indicates 100 μM d and e
Red arrows indicate fibroblasts without overexpression of indicated protein.Of these  , 23 have been directly validated  , or have proteomic evidence for infected red blood cell iRBC localisation. The training set of 166 sequences was taken from 6 and contained manually curated exported protein sequences encoded by genes with two exons  , expressed early in the intra-erythrocytic cycle and/or during late schizogony.The blue fluorescence depicts nuclear counterstain with DAPI. C  , D. Cutl1 protein red fluorescence is expressed at E13 in the differentiating zone DZ of the ventral C and dorsal D telencephalon.The ATP/GTP-binding protein homologue present as the fourth gene in each cvn has both GTP-hydrolysing and GTP/GDP-binding activities 26  , and the decrease in GTP concentration associated with the synthesis of ppGpp could also influence any signaling activity of the cvns. Given the reported influence of certain cvns over production of the pigmented antibiotics in S. coelicolor  , it is also possible that ppGpp exerts at least some of its effects on the regulation of Act and Red synthesis via this route.Phenotypes of RNAi against the vitellogenin-like protein Cv-d. A Lipid droplets in the posterior midgut  , fat body and wing disc of Cv-d RNAi third instar larvae visualized with Nile red. Scale bars = 50 µm.Neurite branching is also patterned by inhibitory signals. For example  , locally applied nerve growth factor NGF or Netrin-1 induce de novo interstitial branch formation in cultured cortical neurons 2  , 3.To determine if there are also defects in supporting cells in Sfswap cochleas  , we examined expression of the transcription factor Prox1 on whole mount and sectioned inner ears to reveal pillar cells and Deiters' cells Figure 4A  , B 29. These ectopic parvalbumin-positive cells did not express other hair cell markers such as Myosin VI or show hair bundles with phalloidin staining  , suggesting these ectopic cells are not bona fide hair cells  , but rather represent mis-expression of at least one hair cell marker.While most PHISTb and PHISTc genes show transcriptional peaks mainly in early asexual stages  , three recently published microarray studies 52-54 indicate that a number of genes from these two subfamilies plus most paralogs of the PfMC-2TM family  , and an infected red blood cell membrane protein PIESP2 55 are specifically upregulated in early gametocyte stages see Additional data file 2. A recent yeast-two hybrid based analysis of a global protein interaction network in P. falciparum indicates a PHISTb and PHISTc paralog PFD1140w and MAL7P1.7  , respectively plus two PHISTb paralogs with a DNAJ domain RESA and PF11_0509 being part of a interaction network with skeleton-binding protein 50 in the centre 51.Importantly  , >95% of the reads from the artificially fragmented RNA mapped to protein-coding sequences Figure 2a  , blue  , and the expression profiles obtained from intact and artificially fragmented total RNA were highly correlated Figure 2c; R= 0.86. Fragmenting undepleted total RNA led to a slight increase in the percentage of reads aligning to tRNA and other non-coding or unannotated regions Figure 2a; gray but not to an increase in the percentage of rRNA reads 1% for both intact and fragmented input RNA; Figure 2a  , red.FACS analysis shows that exogenously expressed GATA1 did not further increase mature erythrocytes in WT mice  , as indicated by Ter119+ with low FSC population Fig 8B-a versus 8B-b  , areas boxed in red. As shown in Fig 8A  , GATA1-tagged with V5 protein was detected by anti-V5 antibodies lane 2  , whereas it was not detected in the bone marrow cells transfected with on the control plasmid lane 1.Even though RNAi of pmk-1 elicited sensitivity to S. enterica-mediated killing Figure 5C; red lines  , it did not prevent the recovery of infected animals by treatment with Tetracycline Figure 5D. To address whether genes crucial for immunity are generally required for recovery  , we studied pmk-1  , which encodes a p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase that is a major regulator of innate immunity in C. elegans
14  , 30  , 31.We determined the pattern of MET1 expression during female gametogenesis by confocal microscopic observations of developing ovules from four independent transgenic lines. We obtained transgenic plants expressing the HISTONE2B fused to red fluorescent protein RFP under the control of the MET1 promoter pMET1-H2B-RFP.We selected SR protein genes in the top 1 ,000 events of both red- and blue-light data for validation by qRT-PCR Additional file 1: Figure S5. These genes can be categorized into several groups encoding SR proteins  , KH-domain proteins  , polypyrimidine tract binding proteins PTBPs  , DEAD box helicases  , spliceosome components  , and other splicing factors see Additional files 4 and 5.ChIP  , chromatin immunoprecipitation; GATA3  , GATA binding protein 3; hMEC  , human mammary epithelial cells. A Venn diagram showing overlap of GATA3 target sites in MCF7 red and hMEC cells blue; B Genomic distribution of GATA3 targets C Relative distribution of pathways associated with GATA3 target genes  , as identified by ChIP-seq.E Control showing the lack of signal when the primary antibody was omitted. D Microcontact printed myelin lines immunostained for myelin basic protein MBP; red.Percentage of long-range interactions for each protein of the multi-domain protein dataset. The ordinate axis shows the percentage of long-range interactions for the inter-modular interfaces in red and for the intra-modular regions in blue.For preabsorption antibodies were incubated 4 h at RT with a 40 molar excess of the respective recombinant protein before incubation with the brain slices. Vibratome cut adult mouse brain slices were stained with the antibodies given beside the figures green and propidium iodide for cellular counterstaining red.E Two hairpin ends in alternative conformations are packed tightly across the 2-fold axis  , interacting with one another as well as with Arg205. Electron densities within 2.0 Å from the DNA or active site protein atoms are shown  , contoured at 1.5 σ blue or 7.0 σ red above the mean levels.All embryos are oriented with anterior to the left. A-I Microphotographs of Oikopleura embryos at the mid-tailbud/early hatchling A  , late tailbud B  , Stage 1 C ,E-I  , and Stage 2 D  , hybridized in situ with a digoxigenin-labeled Od-netrin antisense probe.Green: Hsp104-GFP. A An example of merged fluorescence images green fluorescent protein GFP and red fluorescent protein RFP channels of the strain HN0045 cultured in the microfluidic device.Twenty random clones were tested for shRNA efficiency on 3T3 cells when cotransfected individually with the pEGFP plasmid and a control plasmid  , pDsRed2  , expressing Red Fluorescent Protein RFP. To test whether our modifications alter the effectiveness of the resulting shRNAs  , a small shRNA library was made from EGFP using DNase I partial digestion and the YIU procedure.Red dot represents data obtained from OVCAR3. B Correlations between Notch signaling activity upon WWP2 transfection and Notch protein expression in 17 primary cultures of ovarian cancer samples.The transposon of mutant 2A01 was inserted into the 3 prime region of the Synpcc7942_0160 GTP-binding protein Era gene. The transposon mutant 2A01 was selected based on i increased staining with the lipophilic dye Nile red indicating a higher lipid content  , ii elongated cell morphology might facilitate harvesting and iii phenotypic stability.miRNA targets – protein expression that has the same direction indicated by the red color and opposite direction indicated by the green color. B miRNA targets matched to miRNAs that were up-regulated.The positive reactive proteins are highlighted with red arrows. The OriGene overexpression protein microarray chip was immunostained with the most commonly used 8F1 monoclonal anti-ERCC1 antibody.The number of artificial pairs AG and CT from 24 ,968 human unpredicted protein coding transcripts is shown in red. The numbers of natural pairs AT and CG from 24 ,968 human unpredicted protein coding transcripts is shown in blue.Signature features and putative motifs and highlighted as follows: yellow  , transmembrane domains; red  , conserved transport motif; violet  , N-linked glycosilation site; pink  , protein kinase C phosphorylation site; light green  , casein kinase II phosphorylation site; olive green  , tyrosine kinase phosphorylation site; gray  , tyrosine based sorting signal; cyan  , conserved cysteine residues; dark green  , N-myristoylation sites Identical residues and gaps are indicated by dots and dashes  , respectively.Sano-GFP green was observed in the cytoplasm and was enriched in the apical domain where Crb localizes red. D GFP-tagged Sano protein was overexpressed in the salivary gland using sage-Gal4.A multiple sequence alignment of zebra finch and other bird samples protein-coding sequences. Chicken has 2 alleles F  , L at site 5; red JF  , grey JF and bamboo partridge all have F; and Ceylon JF  , green JF and grey francolin have L. At site 520 the alleles segregating in chicken L  , P were present in chicken and red JF  , and though zebra finch genome has L  , the remaining birds all had P.For Netrin-1 free cultures  , 40% of the culture medium was replaced with fresh medium. Cultures were then exposed to Netrin-1 by replacing 40% of the culture medium with fresh culture medium supplemented with Netrin-1 R&D Systems to give a final concentration of 400 ng/ml.A. Heatmap illustrating protein enrichment red – enrichment  , blue – depletion for genes are ordered by their PI changes in HP1a mutants in grey below enrichment panel. Relationship between protein enrichment on chromosome 4 genes and their PI change observed in mutant lacking HP1a.GFP  , Green fluorescent protein; RFP  , Red fluorescent protein. Similarly  , we compared s.c. tumor growth of shCTRLGFP with shPODXLGFP MDA-MB-231 cells in NSG mice right; n = 6; growth curves are significantly different with P < 0.05.The conserved cysteine residue is highlighted in a red box. C Protein sequences of p75 and p45 TM domains are highly conserved.C Spermatocyte chromatin spread preparations of Stag3 control and mutant were immunolabeled using antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red  , HORMA domain containing protein HORMAD1 blue and the SC central element protein TEX12 green. B Oocyte chromatin spread preparations of Stag3 control and mutant were immunolabeled using antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and the transverse filament of the central region of the SC SYCP1 green.Green signal indicates detection of the HOXA13-GFP fusion protein in the developing labyrinth region; red signal indicates detection of the HOXA13-GFP fusion protein using a GFP antibody denoted as α-GFP. E  , F Cryosection of an E9.5 placenta.In addition to an increased erythrocyte sedimentation rate  , other hematological parameters such as red blood cells  , hemoglobin  , hematocrit  , albumin  , total protein  , triglycerides  , phosphorus  , calcium  , and biological mass all decreased significantly P < 0.05 in T. kitauei-infected carp Wang et al. 2011.We investigated whether the GFP mRNA packaged by the PP7 capsid carrying the LMWP peptide could be translated into mature protein in RM-1 cells. 7b  , green fluorescence was observed in the cytoplasm of almost all RM-1 cells  , while red fluorescence from red fluorescent reactive dye was observed on the membrane of RM-1 cells and blue fluorescence from DAPI inside the nuclei.For our studies  , we utilized three lentiviral vectors carrying the main components Fig. Finally  , the guide RNA was expressed along with far-red fluorescent protein for tracking purposes.Then the cells were stained with red fluorescent reactive dye L23102  , Life Invitrogen  , USA and DAPI Beyotime  , China in order before detection. After 24 h  , the expression of GFP protein was monitored firstly by a fluorescence microscope.Green fluorescence represents glutamate decarboxylase A-D  , GAD  , microtubule associated protein-2 E  , MAP2  , vesicular γ-aminobutylic acid transporter F  , VGAT  , or postsynaptic density 95 kDa G  , PSD-95. In all images  , DGKβ is colored in red.Genetic interactions within protein complexes. Essential gene names are in red.Red lines represent the cutoff thresholds and blue lines mark the “intermediate” regions. MYC expression Y axis and small ribosomal structural protein expression X axis were plotted for all the published human microarrays in U133A format green marks.GFP fusions were introduced in the ∆cps2E strain expressing red fluorescent protein RFP fused to HlpA. Four target genes SPD_0475  , SPD_0963  , SPD_1711  , and SPD_1716 were C-terminally tagged with green fluorescent protein GFP at their own locus.The grouping of the red neck species A. nigriceps  , A. infulatus  , A. azarae boliviensis with the grey neck species A. trivirgatus in the SRY topology and the common SRY protein sequence shared by these species Additional file 5A coincided in showing their close relation. SRY from A. vociferans VO2  , A. griseimembra GR2 and A. lemurinus LE1 shared two synapormophies C and A at positions 306 and 593  , respectively with Cebus albifrons.Briefly  , 100 mg of solubilized proteins were separated by electrophoresis in a 10 % polyacrylamide gel  , transferred to nitrocellulose membranes  , and they were stained with Ponceau Red to confirm equal protein loading. For the tissue processing and western blot analysis  , we followed the methods as described previously 26.In this case  , all six PDB verified binding sites red arrows are ranked among the top half  , while all five non-binding sites have low confidence values with ranks below 100. We assigned confidence values to a total of 123 motif-protein pairs in this complex.a The pie charts represent the mapped read distributions of protein-coding genes CDS; blue  , rRNA red  , and other reads tRNA  , non-coding RNA  , small RNA and intergenic regions; gray for undepleted total RNA  , two technical replicates of Ribo-Zero treatment of intact total RNA and for Ribo-Zero treatment of fragmented total RNA. Depletion of rRNA in a mixture of total RNAs from .In the top and second panels  , red indicates epithelial tissue and data respectively and green indicates stromal tissue and data respectively Using laser capture microdissection gene expression profiling data from paired epithelial and stromal samples from cases of normal breast  , ER-negative -IBC  , and ER-positive -IBC top panel  , we constructed genome-wide epithelial-stromal co-expression networks second panel  , performed network visualization and functional enrichment analyses third panel  , and validated network predictions by several approaches  , including measurement of protein expression by computational image analysis in the epithelium and stroma bottom panel.After 1-hour exposure to Netrin-1  , the β-catenin signal in the growth cones was reduced by 19%. Ten minutes of exposure to Netrin-1 caused a 22% increase in β-catenin signal.Note the extensive co-localization between ribosomes green and Trapα red after extraction I. H–I COS-7 cells were either directly fixed “Non-ext”  , H or first extracted with digitonin and then fixed “Ext”  , I and then fixed and stained for ribosome RPLP0 protein and the ER marker Trapα.Relative to WT left lane  , a reduction in total endogenous Notch protein is observed in AKAP200/+ middle lane  , which is partially suppressed in lysates from AKAP200/+; cbl/+ ©-Tub Y-Tub  , bottom  , serves as loading control. F-G Western blot F of third instar larval eye disc lysate showing Notch protein expression blue arrow: full length Notch  , black arrow: membrane bound NEXT  , red arrow: NICD.The uncharacterized genes encode protein sequences that predict recognizable domains “putative domain”  , no recognizable domains “no recognized domain”  , or new gene predictions from the reannotation of the Drosophila genome used as the basis of the dsRNA library “new annotation”. Genes involved in processes associated with cytokinesis are shown in shades of yellow  , nucleic acid and protein synthesis and degradation in shades of red  , and uncharacterized genes in shades of blue.Each protein from the x-axis reference genome was queried using BLASTP for its presence in the y-axis query genome. Prophage insertions are highlighted in orange; the pathogenicity island YAPIIP31758 is highlighted in red; and HPIIP32953 is highlighted in purple.A Force versus extension curves of fully coated black  , partially coated blue  , green ssDNA-VirE2 filaments  , and uncoated ssDNA red in assembly buffer at low protein concentration. Multiple pull-and-release cycles produce a single rigid helical domain black curve that resists compression forces of ∼3.5 pN obtained by reversing the direction of pulling buckling force  , arrow.Models of the target protein obtained using I-TASSER 20 was used to explore the amino acid sites which play an important role in binding with the substrate. 3b  , two catalytic residues are shown in red color and the targeted aromatic residues are shown in orange color.PMut found 4 substitutions at these sites would have a neutral effect on protein structure Table S5 in Additional file 2. There were substitutions between the chicken and red JF sample or genome sequence at 6 of these sites 5  , 517  , 547  , 590  , 628 and 665.Exogenous Tat protein does not overactivate the transactivated subpopulation i.e. Off state GFP− cells black could be reactivated by incubation in either exogenous Tat protein red B or TNF-α red C.Affinity of GST-GFP to PEGDA:GSH homogenates.A: Influence of varying PEGDA:GSH ratio on binding of protein as expressed by the amount μg of protein in solution following 2 h incubation in the presence of PEGDA-GSH hydrogel homogenate blue bars or matched GSH-free PEGDA hydrogel red bars. Bars and points represent the mean of 3 independents samples plus or minus ± standard deviation.This SNP introduces a premature stop codon that truncates the protein before the bHLH domain. A SNP C→A in exon 6 of the Rc gene distinguished these white- and red-grained rices.The red nucleus in the middle of the image represents immunoreactivity of an untransfected neuron close to the analysed cell in a different optical layer. The muskelin-specific antibody red channel  , originally generated against N-terminal muskelin sequences  , recognizes the overexpressed green fluorescent fusion protein  , as revealed from the precise colocalization of green and red puncta in distal dendrites yellow.G Chromatin spreads were immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and DNA damage response protein ATRIP green. Arrows represent ATR aggregates not associated with SYCP3 stretches.For the HD1 gene  , no stop codons were found in the analysed regions and the evolution of the homeodomain motif seems to be dominated by purifying selection in species of both clades. Although C-terminal truncations of other HD proteins  , including Sxi1α in C. neoformans 44  , did not affect their functionality  , the early stop codons found in asexual strains of red yeasts are located in the N-terminal region of the protein  , thus presumably originating very short non-functional proteins devoid of homeodomain motifs.C Highlighted miRNA-target interactions of miR-21  , miR-34a  , miR-122  , and miR-135a. miRNA targets – protein expression that has the same direction indicated by the red color and opposite direction indicated by the green color.The patterns of dsx expression seen at these two time points were virtually the same. To do this  , we simultaneously imaged expression of dsx and fru
50 using UAS-nuclear GFP UAS-Stinger and lexA operator-nuclear tdTomato lexAop-tdTomato::nls red fluorescent protein 50 in males and females at 72 h after puparium formation APF and as 0–12 h adults.Note that although many green bars are significantly higher than the paired red bars  , no green bars are significantly higher than the MIPS complexes rightmost bars. Green bars indicate enrichments in the intersection of each dataset with Munich Information Center for Protein Sequences MIPS complexes.I Wing imaginal disc of the indicated genotype labelled to visualize Dally-like in red or white and GFP in green protein expression. The blue line marks the boundary between the A and P compartments  , and the domains of transgene expression are marked with a blue asterisk.In square are genes without phenotype on knockdown: red = duplicate genes without phenotypic effects on double knockdown dN and expression rate are the mean for the orthologous pair of genes; grey = singleton genes without phenotype on single gene knockdown. The rate of protein evolution was calculated as described in Figure S3.The primary antibodies used were an affinity purified goat pAb sc-6414; Santa Cruz Biotechnology  , a rabbit pAb ab32815; Abcam and a rabbit pAb sc-5570; Santa Cruz Biotechnology  , for early endosome antigen 1 EEA1  , cation-independent mannose-6-phosphate receptor CI-M6P and lysosome-associated membrane protein 1 Lamp1 respectively. For double immunofluorescence staining with markers of the endosomal compartments  , the respective primary antibodies for each endosomal compartment followed by appropriate Texas Red-labelled secondary antibodies was used for their visualization.Indeed  , expression of a DN form of Rab11 in Drosophila cell culture disrupted the morphology of Rab4/14 endosomes  , marked by Rho-1–red fluorescent protein RFP or Spi–HA  , when the latter was co-expressed with S Figure S4. However  , both Rab proteins interact with effectors of Rab11 48 ,49  , suggesting a role for this major conserved regulator of endosomal trafficking in Spi exocytosis.A Partial sequences of splice form 1 SF1 and SF2 in Col-0 and Dobra-1/Petro-1 spanning the first intron and their predicted impacts on protein sequence. Intron sequences are shown in small blue letters and the additional amino acids are shown in red.An arrow indicates colocalization of PARG-EGFP and PARP1-DsRed in the CB-like particle. PARG-EGFP protein is green; PARP1-DsRed is red  , and DNA Draq5 is blue.The two protein subunits and two DNA molecules in the TelA–DNA complex are all colored differently yellow/green for DNA  , and grey/cyan for protein to highlight cis versus trans interactions made by TelA. The DNA strand near the tip of the hairpin loop adopts two alternative conformations as indicated by the red arrows.Red circles stand for 11 prostatic secretory protein of 94 amino acids PSP94-like genes. Blue circles stand for the genes encoding ribosomal proteins  , which are commonly considered as highly expressed proteins.A protein of this mass is present in all samples and being twice of the size of the GST-containing monomer suggests dimerization. The size of nickel purified GST-GFP eluted with imidazole Figure 4A  , green arrow is half the size of GST-GFP eluted with glutathione Figure 4A  , red arrow.B: Protein recovered from PEGDA or PEGDA:GSH gel homogenates calibrated to total protein concentration from lanes 4 and 5 of panel. Blue arrows indicate 100 kDa and 55 kDa while the green and red arrows are the proposed GST-GFP monomer and dimer  , respectively.E and F–F″ Wild-type control discs were immunostained with anti-Ptc antibody to show Ptc protein expression E  , and wing discs expressing Flag:Smurf driven by ap-gal4 were immunostained to show the expression of Ptc red and GFPgreen  , which shows the area of Smurf expression F–F″. For the value of each parameter  , see Table S1.In the green lineage  , the LHC protein family is represented by Chl a/b-binding CAB proteins and LI818  , also called LHCSR in green algae 4-6 ,9 ,19. The LHC protein family in the red lineage is represented by LHCR proteins present in red algae “R” for Rhodophyta  , chlorophyll Chl a/c-binding CAC proteins present in algal groups with secondary plastids of red algal origin  , also called fucoxanthin CAC proteins FCPs or LHCF “F” for fucoxanthin in diatoms and brown algae  , LI818  , called also LHCX in diatoms  , and a less known clade  , LHCZ  , described for some algae with complex plastids 4-6 ,8 ,9 ,18.Based on sequence similarity hidden Markov model analysis and BLAST searches and predicted secondary structure presence of three predicted transmembrane α-helices these sequences did not fall into any of the previously described extended LHC protein superfamily groups but formed a new group instead  , termed red lineage CAB-like proteins RedCAPs 11. Four novel sequences belonging to the extended LHC protein superfamily were recently reported from the red algae Galdieria sulphuraria and Griffithsia japonica and from the two diatoms Phaeodactylum tricornutum and Thalassiosira pseudonana11.The positive reactive proteins are pointed with red arrows. Protein microarray chip hybridization with two newly developed mouse monoclonal anti-ERCC1 antibodies.Note the absence of HOXA13-GFP expression in the chorionic ectoderm CE. Green signal indicates detection of the HOXA13-GFP fusion protein in the developing labyrinth region; red signal indicates detection of the HOXA13-GFP fusion protein using a GFP antibody denoted as α-GFP.It shows that the signal is highest in the cell bodies and the growth cones left and right hand end of the trace respectively and resembles the distribution of β-catenin protein Figure 1F. The upper red line in Figure 3E shows quantification of the β-catenin in situ signal along thalamic axons from their cell bodies to their growth cones.The closed and open arrows indicate the BAC cloning site  , and the red and blue lines indicate the pBR322 sequence. a The BEST310 and iREX constructs that possess two antibiotic resistance gene cassettes for BAC cloning: Pr-neo  , a lambda Pr promoter fused to the neomycin resistance gene neo  , and cI-spc  , which contains cI encoding the CI repressor protein  , which binds to the Pr promoter  , fused to the spectinomycin resistance gene spc.As a result the mouse or rat unitary pseudogene green has lost its coding potential while retaining its function as a competitive endogenous RNA while both functions are conserved in the protein-coding loci blue in human or dog. An ancestral transcript encoding a functional shown by the exclamation mark protein vertical lines indicate an intact open reading frame ORF and with a role as a miRNA decoy mRD has accumulated one or more mutations disabling its ORF red cross on the lineage leading to rodents.As described in Materials and Methods  , the red phenotype in ure-o cells is due to repression of ADE2 transcription by Ure2 protein. As shown in S4 Fig  , more than 99% of transformants show red colony color phenotype suggesting deletion of gene encoding Cpr7 results in loss of URE3.SDS-PAGE was carried out with vertical slab unit Genaxy scientific Pvt. Subsequently  , the gel was stained with 0.1 % Congo-red to localize the band of protein with xylanase activity.Interferon-responsive genes. MX protein red was detected in circulating cells; cell nuclei are stained with DAPI blue.With the sRNA blue curve  , gene expression is expected to be much smoother  , because mRNA molecules are rarely translated. With the protein regulator red curve  , any leakage in transcription is amplified through translation  , resulting in large bursts of protein expression  , as was recently observed experimentally 81 ,82.Polypeptides fused to TAT sequence remain trapped in the endosomes after cell-uptake by macropinocytosis 6 ,18 and several strategies have been proposed for inducing their leakage and protein accumulation into the cytoplasm. Performing confocal microscopy using antibodies against the Early Endosome Antigen1 EEA1  , red signal and Alexa488-labeled TAT-Cre green signal  , it was possible to confirm 18 the rapid uptake less than 10 min of the enzyme trapped into the endosome vesicles Figure 6  , yellow signal  , and a substantial disappearance of TAT-Cre-filled vesicles in the presence of chloroquine treatment Figure 6.The SLC10A4 protein was detected with the anti-Slc10a4 1338 C antibody 1:500 and the Cy3-labelled secondary antibody 1:800  , red fluorescence. e Endogenous expression of the SLC10A4 protein in CAD cells  , cultivated in FCS containing medium UD or FCS-free medium Diff.D Cortical neuronal cells 15 d posttransduction were processed for ICC aSyn  , red; microtubule-associated protein 2 MAP2  , green; nuclei  , Hoechst  , blue. Data in all panels are average ± SD  , * p < 0.05  , ** p < 0.01  , *** p < 0.001  , two-way ANOVA with Bonferroni post-test.c Multisequence alignment of the deleted five amino acid residues p. Ser225_His229del showing high conservation of this part of amino acids down to Taeniopygia guttata boxed in red Lower panel: schematic of the TXNDC15 protein and the location of the mutations in each specific domain.Cultures were exposed to Netrin-1 400 ng/ml  , a concentration that has previously been shown to stimulate thalamic axon growth 14. An example of a cultured thalamic explant  , immunostained with β-catenin  , is shown in Figure 2D.As previously reported  , the C→A transversion in exon 6 of the Rc gene results in a premature stop codon that truncates the protein before the bHLH domain. This mutation is identical to the one described by 9 for the Rc-s allele conditioning light red or amber pericarp in the aus variety Surjamkuhi.Translocations involving the MLL gene account for the vast majority of infantile and approximately 10% of adult leukemias. Epigenetic dysregulation: The complex epigenetic regulatory program is disturbed in hematologic malignancies by mutations in epigenetic regulators indicated by red thunderbolt or by the recruitment of large multi-protein complexes like the MLL fusion complex purple circle.Briefly  , GFP and red fluorescent protein RFP were constitutively expressed in cells transfected with reporter plasmids for enhanced GFP EGFP and RFP  , respectively. To examine whether the P-body protein RCK/p54  , also a component of RISC  , is involved in siRNA-mediated gene silencing  , the siRNA dose dependence of RNAi-mediated gene silencing was quantified in RCK/p54-depleted HeLa cells using a dual fluorescence reporter assay.Off state destabilization via SirT1 inhibition is comparable to activation by exogenous Tat protein lower panel  , red  , which does not enhance transcriptional initiation or alter local chromatin state. An LTR-GFP-IRES-Tat Jurkat clone E7 was exposed to either no drug upper panel  , black  , nicotimamide upper panel  , red  , resveratrol upper panel  , blue  , or the combination of nicotinamide plus resveratrol upper panel  , green for 72 h  , and GFP expression was quantified by FACS.The red and peach colored boxes are the motifs within the BRC repeats thought to facilitate binding with Rad51 20. The 8 BRC repeats of the human BRCA2 protein were aligned using ClustalX.Although C-terminal truncations of other HD proteins  , including Sxi1α in C. neoformans 44  , did not affect their functionality  , the early stop codons found in asexual strains of red yeasts are located in the N-terminal region of the protein  , thus presumably originating very short non-functional proteins devoid of homeodomain motifs. glutinis CBS 2367 a dinucleotide repeat CT13 insertion followed by a premature stop codon most likely renders this gene non-functional.These spores were competed to form 64 fitness assays. To determine the resolution limit of this fitness assay  , we generated 16 spores from a cross between a strain carrying a wild-type Bub1 allele marked with CaURA3 the URA3 gene from Candida albicans  , which complements the URA3 gene from S. cerevisiae and a query strain containing SGA mating type reporters expressing a green or a red fluorescent protein 8 spores for each cross.We examined the expression and sequence relationships of Arabidopsis PAP-Fibrillin UniProt NP_192311  , AGI At4g04020  , a plastoglobule-associated protein 55. Orange and red carotenoids are unmasked  , concentrated or synthesised de novo in gerontoplasts and chromoplasts during senescence and ripening 8 and are sequestered in plastoglobules that become abundant as chloroplasts transdifferentiate 55 ,79.b Cells transfected with pAEX cassettes encoding the EGFP  , mito-EGFP containing an N-terminal mTP  , or EGFP-SKL containing the C-terminal PTS1 were spread on polylysine-coated glass slides  , fixed in 2 % v/v ice-cold solution of paraformaldehyde in PBS  , and stained with DAPI for 5 min before visualization. Violet rectangles  , δ-amastin 5′- and 3′-flanking regions δ-ama FRs; blue rectangle  , glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase I-II intergenic region GAPDH IR; magenta arrow  , neo; green arrow  , enhanced green fluorescence protein EGFP; red highlights  , position of the T. brucei dihydrolipoyl dehydrogenase mTP mito and the peroxisomal targeting sequence type 1 PTS1.The intergenic regions  , the ORFs in the complementary-sense - which encode the replication-associated protein Rep and the replication-associated protein RepA - and the ORFs in the virion-sense - which encode the movement protein MP and the coat protein CP - are colored red in the case of MSV-VW or blue in the case of MSV-MatA. The curved arrows indicate open reading frames ORFs diverging from the long intergenic region LIR and eventually converging on the short intergenic region SIR.The punctate YFP signals represent interaction between the co-expressed proteins  , while the red signals represent the auto-fluorescence of chlorophyll. The full-length CDSs for LRD6-6  , the mutant lrd6-6 LRD6-6m and the variants  , LRD6-6K261A  , LRD6-6E315Q and LRD6-6R372E were respectively inserted into the split yellow fluorescence protein YFP vectors  , split YFPN and split YFPC  , and were co-transformed into N. benthamiana cell by pair.Mitochondria are marked by dye Mito Tracker Red MT Red or MTS-mOrange protein. a Co-localization of EG1-GFP or GFP-EG1 fusion protein with mitochondria in rice protoplasts.A Duplicates among all protein-coding genes present in the A. thaliana genome. Tandem duplicates red  , ohnolog duplicates green  , and gene transposition duplicates blue.Spermatocyte chromatin spread preparations of Stag3 control and mutant were immunolabeled using antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and A RAD21  , B RAD21L and C REC8 green. Assessment of the Stag3 allele mutants confirms the aberrant localization of meiosis-specific cohesins described for the Stag3 allele mutants.Finally  , the guide RNA was expressed along with far-red fluorescent protein for tracking purposes. We initially generated three versions of DNMT3A: the long isoform DNMT3A1  , the short isoform DNMT3A2  , and the catalytic domain alone DNMT3Ame Additional file 1: Figure S1a.Red text and line indicate up-regulated genes or pathways in domesticated cottons relative to wild cottons at 10 dpa  , while blue text and lines show up-regulated genes or pathways in wild cottons compared to domesticated cottons at 10 dpa. ADPG  , ADP-Glucose ADPG; BGAL  , β-galactosidase; BGLU  , β-1 ,3-glucosidase; BXL  , β-xylosidase; CER3/WAX2  , fatty acid hydroxylase superfamily; CER4/FAR3  , fatty acid reductase 3; DAHP  , 3-deoxy-D-arabino-heptulosonate-7-phosphate; DHAP  , dihydroxyacetone phosphate; E4P  , erythrose-4-phosphate; F6P  , Fructose-6-Phosphate; GAE  , UDP-D-glucuronate-4-epimerase; G1P  , Glucose-1-Phosphate; G3P  , Glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate; G6P  , Glucose-6-Phosphate; KCR  , beta-ketoacyl reductase; KCS  , 3-ketoacyl-CoA synthase; LTP  , lipid transfer protein; PE  , pectinesterase; PEP  , phosphoenolpyruvate; PG2  , polygalacturonase 2; PHS2  , alpha-glucan phosphorylase 2; PL  , Pectate lyase; R5P  , Ribose-5-phosphate; SUS  , sucrose synthase; UGD  , UDP-glucuronate decarboxylase; UGDH  , UDP-glucose-6-dehydrogenase; UGP  , UDP-glucose pyrophosphorylase; VLCFA  , very long chain fatty acids; WBC1  , ATP-binding cassette transporter white-brown complex homolog protein 1; XTH  , Xyloglucan endotransglycosylase.Comparison of the aFap7–aRps14 complex with ribosome-bound yRps14 did not reveal structural changes in the core domain  , with the exception of the β4–α2 loop  , whose RNA-bound conformation would clash with aFap7. The binding surface on aRps14 is largely comprised of the surface of the β-sheet in the globular core domain gold in Figure 1A and the basic residue rich C-terminal extension Rps14-CE; red in Figure 1A  , protein contact map in Figure S2.Genes showing increased or decreased expression in Dnmt3l KO spermatocytes are colored in red >2-fold or <1/2  , q-value < 0.05. C Expression of protein-coding and noncoding genes in Dnmt3l KO and WT spermatocytes.Mitochondrial and cytoplasmic forms are represented by red and blue  , respectively TPI and GAPDH values include the TPI-GAPDH fusion protein.A Sypro Ruby staining revealed a decrease in overall age-dependent protein insolubility in gon-2−/gonad-less animals treated with daf-2 RNAi compared to control RNAi 1.6-fold compared to a 3.6-fold increase with age  , quantified in the red outlined areas. Scale bar: 2 µm.The ability of tau aggregates to bind the dyes ThT and Congo Red suggests that the aggregated tau contains relatively more β-sheet structure compared with the natively unfolded protein. These data further support that formaldehyde-induced tau aggregates contain partially folded structure that is enriched in β-sheet content in contrast to the initial conformation.In order to directly test the putative role of elevated ER stress and the UPR in the disease mechanism of the mutant collagen X mouse line described above  , we generated a transgenic mouse in which an UPR was specifically targeted to hypertrophic chondrocytes. Several studies on mouse models of ECM diseases caused by mutations in secreted ECM proteins such as aggrecan 11  , collagen I 16  , collagen II 11  , collagen IV 12  , collagen X 11 ,13  , COMP 14  , matrilin 3 15 and mucin 17 have reported increased levels of ER stress and speculated upon the possible role played by ER stress in the respective disease mechanisms.Middle panels: Parental MCF-7 cells were stained with anti-HSPC111 green and anti-nucleophosmin NPM; red antibodies. Upper panels: Immunostaining of MCF-7/HSPC-NV5 cells with purified antibodies against endogenous protein HSPC111; green and the V5 tag V5; red.Determining intracellular circuits from known and in silico discovered networks. Red text indicates protein; black text indicates RNA; number of edges indicated by node size; colored boxes adjacent to the clusters indicate the time points for which a correlation coefficient greater than 0.3 exists between the target and the CASP8 networkTo prove this prediction  , htau 40 was incubated in the presence or absence of formaldehyde and then examined by circular dichroism CD spectroscopy. The ability of tau aggregates to bind the dyes ThT and Congo Red suggests that the aggregated tau contains relatively more β-sheet structure compared with the natively unfolded protein.We find that the 3'UTR of β-catenin mRNA is sufficient to direct protein expression to the axon. We find that Netrin-1 induces β-catenin mediated transcriptional activity in thalamic cells and induces rapid changes in the growth cone levels of β-catenin protein.Major shifts in the functional organisation of the different light harvesting systems occured in early algal evolution 8 ,9. Our study shows  , that also in red algae and algae with secondary plastids of red algal origin the extended LHC protein superfamily diversified  , among others  , by the evolution of the RedCAP family.The color of the line representing the protein is grey for the SCP under the Bub1 promoter  , yellow for the SCP under the Mad3 promoter  , and black for the extant S. cerevisiae Mad3 and Bub1. The color of the edge corresponds to the fitness of the descendent genotype when compared to the ancestral genotype  , where red indicates a deleterious selection coefficient  , black a selection coefficient with undetectable fitness effect  , and green a positive selection coefficient.We next tested if blocking the proteasome would allow the detection of the interaction between HaRxL44 and MED19a in the nucleoplasm. The addition of 100 µM MG132 during protein extraction prevented the degradation of GFP-MED19a in the presence of HA-HaRxL44 and made it possible to confirm the interaction of these proteins in planta  , by co-immunoprecipitation red arrow  , Figure 4D.B Alignment of the U2AF1 protein with indicated insertions black triangles  , the intron position blue arrow and protein domain structure; green arrows  , β-strands; red boxes  , α-helices. The mean S2 value for each species is displayed.Acetylated Tat protein Tat
A  , blue triangle is the limiting reagent  , which completes the transactivation loop by recruiting SWI/SNF. Deacetylated Tat protein Tat
D  , red oval is in excess in the cell and  , along with CDK9 and CyclinT1 not shown  , binds the TAR RNA loop black line at the HIV-1 LTR and is acetylated by p300 blue arrow.Red arrowheads indicate the 12 conserved cysteine residues in the extracellular domain. Sequences of the predicted protein domains determined by the SMART/Pfam programs for the a1-1 LaLal2 allele are highlighted using the color code shown below.Metastases were evident in two out of four animals 2 months after injection  , with multiple lesions  , including ovarian metastases Figure 4i-p. The red fluorescent protein allowed the detection of metastatic lesions by using a Xenogen fluorescence-imaging camera in living animals Figure 4i and in tumor sections Figure 4n.c  , d While reading a sentence explaining that each heme contains an Fe2+ atom and clicking the appropriate green link  , the user can watch the virtual hemoglobin molecule slowly rotate to a viewpoint that displays only a single heme  , zoomed in  , with its Fe2+ atom highlighted c or anchored to the protein d. b As the user reads that hemoglobin is a tetramer and that each of its subunits contains a heme prosthetic group  , she or he can click on a green link in the corresponding text  , eliciting a change in the hemoglobin in the Jmol applet  , coloring each subunit a different color and displaying them in a smoothed trace of their α-carbon backbones  , so that the hemes  , colored in red  , are easily visible.Dopaminergic amacrine cells red and GABAergic cells blue reinforce the autonomously generated “day” and “night” states of oscillator cells yellow in the inner nuclear layer INL through rhythmic secretion of dopamine and GABA  , respectively. In addition  , endogenous GABA is proposed to reinforce the falling phase of PER rhythms through fostering degradation of accumulated PER protein.For each image  , two constructs  , as indicated  , were transferred into protoplasts of apple calli cells and then analyzed using confocal microscopy. The full-length MdbHLH3 was fused to the red fluorescent protein RFP tag.B: Influence of PEGDA:GSH ratio on specifically bound  , or incorporated  , GST-GFP as expressed as percent total GST. Affinity of GST-GFP to PEGDA:GSH homogenates.A: Influence of varying PEGDA:GSH ratio on binding of protein as expressed by the amount μg of protein in solution following 2 h incubation in the presence of PEGDA-GSH hydrogel homogenate blue bars or matched GSH-free PEGDA hydrogel red bars.We then injected lentiviral-transduced  , DBTRG cells expressing red fluorescent protein DBTRG-RFP into the brains of 10 week-old GFAP-luc; Rag2-/- mice by stereotactic injection. To determine the effect of orthotopic tumor growth on GFAP promoter-mediated luciferase activity  , we backcrossed GFAP-luc mice to an immunodeficient Rag2-/- background.To test this  , we first analyzed mig-1; unc-6 animals  , and found that they showed comparable penetrance of missing and misplaced PLM branch to that in the unc-6 and mig-1 single mutants  , respectively Fig 7A and 7D. This observation suggests that Wnts and ventrally-derived Netrin act orthogonally to pattern the PLM branch  , with Wnts instructing the A-P position of the branch and Netrin promoting its growth along the D-V axis.To increase transcript stability and enhance translation  , we also cloned in a 3′ WPRE and a 5′ Kozak sequence  , respectively. To exclude the possibility that the C-terminal V5 tag was masked and therefore undetectable by Western analysis  , we cloned the Tsx and Xist ORFs lacking stop codons into an expression vector containing an N-terminal HA tag and a C-terminal red fluorescence protein RFP fusion for live-cell detection of potential protein products Figure 1D.The GFP fusion protein green and the membrane stain red were observed by fluorescence microscopy and cells were observed with DIC microscopy grey. Membrane was visualized with Nile Red.To understand the spatial and functional relationships between Nrp1 and α5β1 integrin in ECs  , we first generated a monomeric red fluorescent protein mRFP-tagged mNrp1 construct mNrp1-mRFP that was then cotransfected with α5-GFP in ECs. Pretreatment of the cells with PMQ greatly increased the coprecipitation of α5β1 integrin with Nrp1 and vice versa Figure 3C  , indicating the likelihood that this complex is more stable in endosomes than at the plasma membrane.Red arrows and red text boxes indicate tissues in which transcription can be confirmed for each locus based on the presence of 100% supporting cDNAs or ESTs in GenBank 42 whilst allowing for poor-quality sequence at the immediate 5' and 3' ends for ESTs; blue arrows and blue text boxes indicate genes where a corresponding protein has been detected in urine. The cluster of B6 is presented as annotated in Figure 1.The rapid changes in β-catenin protein levels in growth cones exposed to Netrin-1 suggest rapid β-catenin protein synthesis  , perhaps followed by its degradation or movement away from the growth cone  , in response to guidance cues. Our data so far suggest a possible role for β-catenin in thalamic axon navigation.The values determined for L. kluyveri are shown in red  , whereas those for L. thermotolerans are in blue. Box-plot comparisons of the dS A and dN values B and C as well as the dN/dS ratio ω which were estimated in the eight protein-coding mt genes and based on pairwise alignments.These imaging results show clearly that signals from Oct-4 targeting beacons and SSEA-1 stating using antibodies are highly correlated and therefore could be used in detecting cancer stem cells with higher sensitivity than using one marker only. With Oct-4 targeting molecular beacons MB4  , strong fluorescence signal red was detected in undifferentiated cell  , together with strong signal from SSEA-1 protein lower panel in Figure 5A  , and only low beacon signal red can be detected in differentiated cells  , along with very low green signal from SSEA-1.To demonstrate the in vivo interaction of the expanded repeat with hnRNP K  , we investigated the co-localization of hnRNP K with AUUCU RNA in transgenic mouse brain. We next transfected Sy5y cells with two plasmids: one to express the ∼500 AUUCU repeat Figure 1C and the other to express GFP-tagged hnRNP K. FISH analysis of the double-transfected cells revealed significant co-localization of the red fluorescence from the AUUCU RNA repeat and the green fluorescence from the GFP-hnRNP K Figure 3F; arrow  , indicating that hnRNP K exists as a RNA-protein complex with AUUCU RNA in vivo.Note how phosphohistone H2Ax protein can only be seen in nuclear puncta where Wldis being expressed. Immunocytochemical labeling of phosphohistone H2Ax is shown in red  , the nuclear marker TOPRO3 is shown in blue  , and constructs are expressing in green panels a  , d and g show H2Ax and TOPRO3; panels b  , e and h show construct and TOPRO3; and panels c  , f and i show all three markers.Our new finding that Netrin-1 can activate TCF/LEF transcription adds to these options. While a component of thalamic TCF/LEF transcription is likely a response to Wnt signalling  , Slit proteins which are also abundant in the thalamus and tissues encountered by its axons can turn on TCF/LEF transcription when sensed by their Robo receptor 8 ,25.Together these experiments support the model that Wnts along the A-P axis and Netrin along the D-V axis interact orthogonally to pattern branch outgrowth in the PLM neuron Fig 8. When unc-6 was expressed dorsally in the mig-1 mutant  , we found that dorsally-routed PLM branches developed at ectopic locations along the A-P axis Fig 7D.In addition  , Netrin promotes branch growth ventrally  , orthogonal to the A-P positioning of the branch that depends on Wnts. VANG-1- and arrestin-dependent Frizzled endocytosis transduces Wnt signals to polarize F-actin distribution  , which precedes and correlates with collateral branch formation.For each protein in the human PCDHB cluster  , the number of positions subject to intra-human variability is shown as black open diamonds scale on left axis and the number of substitutions on the human lineage as red full circles scale on right axis  , same data as in Table 1. Intra-human variability of PCDHB11 is not elevated.Intron sequences are shown in small blue letters and the additional amino acids are shown in red. The single bp T deletion of Dobra-1/Petro-1 restores the reading frame in SF3  , which results in a protein similar to that encoded by SF1 with 15 additional amino acids.Lastly  , the lisp2 gene  , encoding the liver stage-specific protein 2  , is expressed exclusively during late liver stage development prior to formation of infectious merozoites  , the parasite forms infecting red blood cells 35. In contrast  , the uis4 upregulated in infectious sporozoites gene is specifically upregulated in infectious sporozoites  , those resident in the salivary glands of the mosquitoes and named accordingly 32–34.Elevated GFP synthesis is observed in strains with ribosomes harboring a guanine black line or a thymine red line in comparison to strains harboring an adenine green line. C In vitro green fluorescent protein GFP synthesis of the different samples was measured over time by fluorescence excitation.We found that unlike the typical globular protein BSA  , the natively-unfolded structure of human neuronal tau was induced to misfold and aggregate in the presence of 0.01% formaldehyde  , leading to formation of amyloid-like deposits that appeared as densely staining granules by electron and atomic force microscopy  , and bound the amyloid-specific dyes thioflavin T and Congo Red. Here we investigate the effect of low concentrations of formaldehyde on protein misfolding and aggregation.Extracellular matrix ECM-related genes collagen and fibropellin  , signaling pathways Wnt  , bone morphogenetic protein-related genes  , and epidermal growth factor-related genes  , and myogenesis-related genes tubulin are activated at the early stage of regeneration 0–3 days post evisceration dpe. High-expressed and low-expressed genes are labeled in red and green  , respectively.EMPD  , TM and Cyto correspond  , respectively  , to the extracellular membrane proximal  , transmembrane and cytoplasmic domains of membrane bound t-IgE; green box  , 11 amino acid long SV5 tag; red box  , 15 amino acid long biotin acceptor peptide BAP; sec  , secretory signal peptide. Scheme of the different model target protein constructs used.Up- and down-regulated proteins were grouped according to their functions which relate to stress defense red triangles  , proteases black triangles  , redox reactions dark blue triangles  , carbohydrate metabolism grey triangles  , transport processes light blue triangles  , photosynthesis green triangles  , and motility/chemotaxis purple triangles. The histogram on the top shows log2 protein ratio distributions Gaussian distribution.The sharp decreased in fluorescence intensity and red-shift of the fluorescence maximum that accompanied heating of the protein to 70 °C  , indicating a shift of these residues to a more hydrophilic environment  , was reversed by the addition of sorbitol. The α-L-rhamnosidase from Aspergillus terreus contains 31 tryptophan residues.Epigenetic dysregulation: The complex epigenetic regulatory program is disturbed in hematologic malignancies by mutations in epigenetic regulators indicated by red thunderbolt or by the recruitment of large multi-protein complexes like the MLL fusion complex purple circle. The C-terminal fragment contains a SET domain  , which methylates H3K4  , and the N-terminal fragment contains PHD fingers and a bromodomain  , which serve as reader domains.A  , B The salivary glands dissected from the Parg mutants expressing PARP1-DsRed red transgene. Arrows indicate CBLP with strong colocalization of U85 scaRNA and PARP protein.The LHC protein family in the red lineage is represented by LHCR proteins present in red algae “R” for Rhodophyta  , chlorophyll Chl a/c-binding CAC proteins present in algal groups with secondary plastids of red algal origin  , also called fucoxanthin CAC proteins FCPs or LHCF “F” for fucoxanthin in diatoms and brown algae  , LI818  , called also LHCX in diatoms  , and a less known clade  , LHCZ  , described for some algae with complex plastids 4-6 ,8 ,9 ,18. Across all recent bacterial and eukaryotic photosynthetic organisms  , the extended LHC protein superfamily consists of the LHC  , LHC-like and PSBS protein families.Genes are represented as nodes and interactions are represented as lines edges that connect the nodes with an arrow signifying the direction from the query gene/protein to the interacting gene/protein 91. The red numbers represent the gene expression correlation distances calculated for all physical interaction data 29.Photos were taken using an Olympus IX-71 inverted contrast microscope. To inhibit apoptosis  , Congo Red was incubated with the cells for 5–10 min before adding the protein of interest.When the interaction propensity score of a disordered region exceeds that of the full-length protein points above the red line  , disorder is considered to promote interaction with RNA molecules. A For each protein  , we calculated RNA interactions with full-length sequences as well as structurally disordered regions 1 ,36.Protein maximum likelihood phylogeny of cytochrome c oxidase 1 . Major groups are labeled to the right  , with diatoms red and dinoflagellates purple indicated by a box and D. baltica and K. foliaceum genes in black.ERα-positive T47D-KBluc human BCa cells were grown in phenol red–free RPMI 1640 supplemented with 10% CSS for 5 days. Differences in growth were normalised against total protein concentration  , which was measured by bicinchoninic acid BCA assay.The assembly with the curve closest to the upper-right corner is the best in terms of its comparison with the Xenopus protein set. The curve for each assembly is colored according to its RSEM-EVAL score  , with red representing the highest RSEM-EVAL score.Histidine residues in the interface are indicated with red asterisks. Residues are defined as interacting if one or more side-chain atoms from a residue in one protein are within 5 Å of a side-chain atom on the partner protein  , which includes residues 225  , 245–247  , 249–250  , 256  , 258  , 311  , 316  , 318–322  , 324  , and 338–342 on CgE and 252–258  , 307  , 309–311  , 314–315  , 382  , 428  , and 433–436 on Fc.Fluorescence measurements of serial dilutions of bacterially expressed  , purified enhanced green  , cyan and yellow fluorescent proteins eGFP  , eYFP  , eCFP as well as monomeric red fluorescent protein 22 in PBS and various tissue culture media indicated that enhanced yellow fluorescent protein eYFP was most suitable among these fluorophors for detection against complete medium background. Due to intrinsic fluorescence of tissue culture media components at the wavelengths used for detection of fluorescent proteins  , optimization of the assay initially required the selection of the fluorophore best suited for detection against medium background.Blots were probed using the primary antibodies. Equal protein loading was controlled by Ponceau Red staining of membranes.PHBECs and hAMSCs were successfully tagged with nuclear enhanced yellow fluorescent protein VenusNLS or red fluorescent protein DsRed2  , respectively see Additional file 2F. To be able to trace cells  , we infected freshly isolated PHBECs or hAMSCs with lentiviral constructs bearing fluorescent proteins in suspension.In these uninduced nuclei  , Zip1 signal is rare  , and axial associations arrows are visible owing to the absence of Zip1 at the interface between aligned homologous axes. Images in B show three examples of surface-spread chromosomes from homozygous P meiotic nuclei sporulated in the absence of β-estradiol  , immunostained for the meiotic axis protein  , Red1 red and for Zip1 green.d and e
Red arrows indicate fibroblasts without overexpression of indicated protein. c and f
Green arrows indicate fibroblasts with detectable overexpression of indicated protein.Node color correlates with phenotypic strength where red is strongest and purple is weakest  , while gray nodes were not identified in the screen. C Protein complexes enriched in the list of Pvr Suppressors from the RNAi screen  , identified using COMPLEAT 154.b The lengths of the black bars represent the coefficient of determination R for RPKM values before and after rRNA depletion using different rRNA-depletion methods. a Shown is the distribution of RNA-seq reads aligning to protein-coding sequences CDS; blue  , rRNA red  , and other regions tRNA  , non-coding RNA  , small RNA  , and intergenic regions; gray for undepleted total RNA top and five rRNA depletion protocols.For control  , the primary anti-Slc10a4 antibody was omitted control or the antibody was pre-incubated with the immunizing peptide peptide blocking. The SLC10A4 protein was detected with the anti-Slc10a4 1338 C antibody 1:500 and the Cy3-labelled secondary antibody 1:800  , red fluorescence.The DNA was microinjected into the lumen of the neural tube at the trunk level of HH10–11 chick embryos with micropipettes. Embryos were co-electroporated with a vector encoding a red fluorescent protein pIRES-2-mCherry; 0.05 µg/µl and two BiFC vectors 0.7 µg/µl each.Similarly  , different Aotus species displayed manifold phenotypes to HIV-1 restriction by tetherin 18  , an integral membrane protein that prevents budding of nascent retroviral particles in infected cells 19. Several studies suggested that grey neck species were susceptible to malaria contrary to the presumably resistant red neck species 10 ,11 although the red neck species A. azarae boliviensis and A. infulatus were found to be susceptible to Plasmodium falciparum 16 ,17 while different Plasmodium species or strains showed varying degrees of pathogenicity among Aotus species.The two bars for each genotype represent measurements of relative selection coefficient to the wild-type control from replicate strains carrying swapped fluorescent proteins. We indicate the measured fitness effects of strains carrying mad3Δ  , bub1Δ  , or the single-copy protein at the BUB1 locus as red and green vertical bars.TJN performed the Netrin-1 experiments. JWD performed the qRT-PCR and in situ hybridisation and participated in the design of the study.C Chromatin spreads were immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and single-end invasion protein RAD51 green. B Chromatin spreads were immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and meiosis-specific single-end invasion protein DMC1 green.Quantification of the localization pattern was performed by visual inspection of the green fluorescent protein of cells grown in co-culture  , and then the strains were classified according to their blue or red fluorescence. In both cases  , the single-copy protein is in a background expressing a cytoplasmic blue fluorescent protein  , while the S. cerevisiae protein is in a background expressing a red fluorescent protein.The red fluorescent protein allowed the detection of metastatic lesions by using a Xenogen fluorescence-imaging camera in living animals Figure 4i and in tumor sections Figure 4n. To determine the metastatic potential of OTBCs  , OTBC-86-L1-DsRed cells were injected in the left heart ventricle of nude mice Table S3 in Additional file 6.To verify that  , in the BA  , CCKBCs and PVBCs innervate their own kind as in other cortical regions 20–24  , we performed paired whole-cell recordings from 2 interneurons in slices prepared from mice expressing red fluorescent protein under the control of the Cck promoter CCK-DsRed and from mice which expressed enhanced green fluorescent protein under the control of the Pvalb promoter PV-eGFP  , respectively 37. We focused our investigations on the BA  , predominantly on its anterior part Fig 1A and 1B.As a comparison to the small number of core metazoan-specific genes  , the size of the gene space total numbers of homologous protein families with at least two members  , paralogs included in metazoan blue circle and non-metazoan red circle organisms are indicated. Of these 526 ortholog groups  , 346 contained a T. adhaerens ortholog orange circle and 180 did not.e MCF10A cells were pre-treated with 300 μM exogenous nucleosides followed by incubation with the indicated drugs for an additional 24 h. Following lysis  , APOBEC3 activity was measured by a cytidine deamination assay. Red asterisks indicate treatments inducing APOBEC3B mRNA  , protein expression  , activity levels and S4/8 RPA phosphorylation.The number of normal pairs from a group of random sequences is shown in green. The number of artificial pairs AG and CT from 24 ,968 human unpredicted protein coding transcripts is shown in red.A Chromatin spreads were immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red  , the centromere-kinetochore blue  , CEN and the telomeric protein TRF1 green. A-E Chromatin spreads were prepared from purified testicular germ cells of Stag3 and Stag3 mice aged 16 dpp.This gene shows highest similarity to a gene prediction encoding a gag protein of a retrotransposon PF03732.10  , e-value <10-16 from the red flower beetle Tribolium castaneum see additional file 2. The HGT candidates supported by cross-species homologies and predicted insect-like codon usage contain  , in addition to the non-LTR retrotransposons  , a second retrotransposon associated gene.RFI  , Relative fluorescence intensity. B Podocalyxin expression on shCTRLGFP cells green fluorescent protein GFP; solid green and shPODXLGFP dashed green MDA-MB-231 cells left histogram and shCTRLRFP red fluorescent protein RFP; solid red and shPODXLRFP dotted red MDA-MB-231 cells right histogram relative to isotype control shaded.A Schematic representation of the murine MLH1 protein showing the location of B6-129 nonsynonymous polymorphisms identified purple triangles and their positions relative to conserved ATP binding motifs and ATP binding domain dark and light red boxes  , respectively 46  , as well as proposed MMR protein interaction domains blue boxes 41. Protein sequence alignment was performed using Clustal Omega 96 and visualized in Jalview 97 with BLOSUM62 color scheme: white  , residue does not match the consensus residue at that position; light blue  , residue does not match the consensus residue but the two residues have a positive BLOSUM62 score; dark blue  , residue matches consensus sequence.In a–d protein backbones are shown in grey and blue with residue side-chain in red  , purple and yellow. However substitutions to amino acids that can no longer contact the interacting residue or chain because they cannot bridge the interface c or are orientated away from the interface d may result in an alteration of the physical interaction.Note the change in the level and distribution of Shibire Dynamin protein in clones over expressing inx2RNAi construct compared to nearby wild-type cells and the control clone in I. GFP Green H  , J and anti-Dynamin Red I  , K.EYFP concentrations above10 ng/ml were detectable over medium background Additional file 1  , Figure S1. Fluorescence measurements of serial dilutions of bacterially expressed  , purified enhanced green  , cyan and yellow fluorescent proteins eGFP  , eYFP  , eCFP as well as monomeric red fluorescent protein 22 in PBS and various tissue culture media indicated that enhanced yellow fluorescent protein eYFP was most suitable among these fluorophors for detection against complete medium background.Enterocytes  , but not goblet cells labeled with an asterisk on K  , are lysosome-rich and express TRPML3 protein. K ,M Immunohistochemistry on P7 intestines in which prior exposure to Texas Red-dextran has labeled lysosomes L ,N.Differential IR regulation under red and blue light for these genes further support that splicing factors may function differently under specific light conditions. Light-induced intron splicing for SR protein gene transcripts suggest that although these splicing factors may not be primarily involved the immediate regulation of AS during light exposure  , they could be important for subsequent splicing regulation in response to light conditions.Co-incubation of anti-ER-α antibody green signal and anti-PGRMC1 antibody red revealed that these proteins were predominantly expressed in different cells  , even in ER-α-positive tumors. The PGRMC1 signal red in Figure 8 could effectively be abrogated by competitive pre-incubation of the antibody with recombinant PGRMC1 protein Figure 8a.We found significant increases in the thalamic levels of β-actin and L1 mRNAs but not Epha4 mRNA following Netrin-1 treatment for 90 minutes Figure 2C. L1 regulates thalamocortical axon fasciculation in the internal capsule and L1 mRNA is upregulated in response to β-catenin signalling in other systems  , expression of β-actin can be regulated by Netrin-1 in Xenopus retinal growth cones  , and Epha4 is required for ordered thalamocortcial axon navigation in the internal capsule and has not been linked with either β-catenin or Netrin-1 function 58-61.D Microcontact printed myelin lines immunostained for myelin basic protein MBP; red. C In the presence of the myelin lawn  , cells adhere to the PLL lines but exhibit a significant reduction in process outgrowth.The DM14 and C2 protein domains are marked in green and red  , respectively. LoxP sites are depicted as yellow triangles  , FRT sites as orange triangles.The asterisks marking genes 5  , 10 and 13 indicate that potentially corresponding proteins for these loci have previously been detected in wild mice  , but not in the inbred mice studied in this investigation 46 see Results. Red arrows and red text boxes indicate tissues in which transcription can be confirmed for each locus based on the presence of 100% supporting cDNAs or ESTs in GenBank 42 whilst allowing for poor-quality sequence at the immediate 5' and 3' ends for ESTs; blue arrows and blue text boxes indicate genes where a corresponding protein has been detected in urine.Specific binding of the antibodies to different antigenic sites in the HA proteins interferes with the ability of the HA protein to agglutinate red blood cells and forms the basis of the HAI assay. In addition  , the CBER reference antigen for H3 A/Perth/16/2009 HA lot# 70 was also included in the assay for comparison with rHA proteins.Cultures were then either processed for β-catenin immunofluorescence or RNA extracted from the whole culture explant + axons for qRT-PCR analysis. For Netrin-1 free cultures  , 40% of the culture medium was replaced with fresh medium.Subsequently  , the KpnI-HindIII fragment from pBGHpolyA-TOPO.1 was subcloned into the corresponding sites downstream of the leftward ie1 promoter in each of these plasmids. The red  , cyan  , and yellow fluorescent protein markers were excised by digesting 3xP3DsRed1  , 3xP3ECFP  , and 3xP3EYFY with BglII and BsaI and each was individually subcloned into the BamHI and BsaI sites of pDIE1-TOPO.3 to produce pDIE1DsRed1-TOPO.3  , pDIE1ECFP-TOPO.3  , and pDIE1EYFP-TOPO.3  , respectively.Green bars indicate enrichments in the intersection of each dataset with Human Protein Reference Database HPRD interactions. In the inset red bars are the same as in the main panel a and are in the same order note the tenfold change in scale.Simultaneous administration of both CAI-1 and AI-2 purple increased the CqsS levels to above WT levels  , again both at LCD and HCD. Addition of either AI-2 blue or CAI-1 red increased CqsS protein levels to nearly that present in the WT at LCD and HCD.In each network graph  , the differentially expressed genes are shown by large nodes and font red for increased  , blue for decreased expression  , while the connecting genes that are not differentially expressed are shown by black smaller nodes and font. These were expanded using the BioGrid database for protein-protein interactions.iESR  , induced-Environmental Stress Response; RiBi  , ribosome biogenesis; RP  , ribosomal protein. R2 is shown for all points and excluding red points in which iESR transcripts were relatively high.This unstructured domain is not included in the crystal structure  , but has been represented in schematic form for illustration. All six of the identified codons map just downstream of the Lig4-binding domain red dots in Figure 4A  , in a region of the protein where the structure is predicted to transition from an alpha-helix to an unstructured domain.A The squared region in the Fd tree includes photosynthetic Fds  , the Fds from plant roots in the “green plastids” lineages and non-photosynthetic alveolates in the “red plastids” lineages  , and the Fds involved in electron donation to nitrogenase in diazotrophic β-cyanobacteria. Phylogenetic trees of photosynthetic Fd A and PsbO B protein sequences.To visualize chromatin blue  , mouse anti-histone H1 antibody was used. Rabbit antibody against GFP protein red detects PARPe-EGFP.Masc-R contains 5 nucleotide substitutions red characters from the wild-type sequence  , which makes it resistant to cleavage by the Fem piRNA-PIWI protein complex. Grey box represents the open reading frame of Masc-R. Target region by Fem piRNA is shown by the blue box  , and the sequences are displayed.Chromatin is seen in red in clips 2–4 because of a transgene expressing the H2A-RFP fusion histone protein. The composite movie shows time lapse animations of live Malpighian tubule first 3 movies or diploid gonadal fourth movie cells  , showing rapid movements of green fluorescent omega speckles using the omega speckle associated Hrb87F-GFP or Sqd-GFP hnRNPs.The white dashed line marks the boundary between A and P cells. C Wing imaginal discs of ci>GFP and ci>GFP  , Dp110 larva labelled to visualize Spalt in red and GFP in green protein expression.To examine the subcellular localization of EG1 in vivo  , two different EG1 and GFP fusion proteins driven by 35S promoter were first expressed in rice protoplasts and were found to be co-localized with both mitochondrial specific dye Mito Tracker Red and mitochondrial maker protein MTS-mOrange 60 but hardly with chloroplast auto-fluorescence  , and an EG1-GFP fusion protein driven by native promoter was also detected in mitochondria Fig 4A and 4B  , suggesting that EG1 protein is mainly  , if not all  , localized in mitochondria. However  , EG1-like lipases appear to have variable subcellular locations 56–59.To minimise the likelihood of identifying posttranslationally modified forms of the same protein  , we avoided cutting more than one spot from a cluster in the same region of the gel; one phosphorylation usually induces a pI shift of 0.2 units of pH towards the acidic end of the gel with almost no detectable change of molecular weight e.g.  , red box  , Figure 1B. Given the high number of features identified using 2D PAGE  , we chose to analyse a total of 300 features on the basis of spot intensity.This data shows that 4F9 is highly specific to ERCC1 indicated with red arrows. The overexpression protein microarray chip was immunostained with the 4F9 clone.Only protein chain A is shown  , atoms are displayed as space filling balls  , epitopes are marked in yellow  , distance measurement in red. Pdb1f0n Resolution 1.9 Å ,
36 was modified with 3D molecule viewer Invitrogen.A Correlation of the average expression levels and the relative divergences between LC2/ad and LC2/ad-R cells for EGFR pathway genes blue  , caner-related genes red and ribosomal protein genes green. Expression changes in response to anti-cancer drug stimulation.The ANK repeat domain of Pa_3_8560 was modeled using the structure of the artificial ANK repeat domain of the engineered protein OR264 PDB ID 4GPM as the template. Positions under positive selection are marked with a red dot  , other highly variable positions are marked with a yellow dot.Lipid accumulation in fibroblasts the presence or absence of the lipid donor acetylated LDL AcLDL was assayed by Oil Red O staining magnification ×100 D. Expression of Abca1 was determined at the protein level by Western blotting C  , upper panel and decreases in Abca12 homozygous mutant cells were shown to be in part due to decreases in transcription of Abca1 C  , lower panel  , fold change in transcription relative to el12/el12  , ***p<0.0005.A Expression of protein-coding and noncoding genes n = 22 ,771  , excluding miRNAs  , small nucleolar RNAs  , and rRNAs in Pld6 KO and WT spermatocytes. The red spots indicate the promoters of genes showing increased expression in Dnmt3l KO spermatocytes >2-fold  , q-value < 0.05.Modular flexibility for each protein of the dataset of proteins with conformers. b Averages of normalized residue RMSDs for inter-modular residues red and intra-modular residues blue for each protein.Changes in physical interactions have several potential consequences for the protein-protein interaction network. Yellow and red dots indicate a physical contact between residues.The MT-CYB protein topology Additional file 5D showed one cluster of red neck species  , a second cluster grouping all grey neck species  , and placed the red neck A. nancymaae specimens as basal offshoots. lemurinus with A. nancymaae two grey neck species with one red neck species.F Oocyte chromatin spread preparations of Stag3 heterozygote control and Stag3 mutant were immunolabeled using antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red  , the transverse filament of the central region of the SC SYCP1 green and the centromere-kinetochore blue  , CEN. E Spermatocyte chromatin spread preparations of Stag3 heterozygote control and Stag3 mutant were immunolabeled using antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red  , HORMA domain containing protein HORMAD2 blue and the SC central element protein TEX12 green.C The HXK2 mutant isolates n = 2 per strain and condition produce higher levels of MalS protein when the culture originally had its MAL genes on blue diamonds compared to cultures that began growth in maltose–glucose media with their MAL genes OFF red circles. However  , Isolate pop8.1 produces MalS protein at a much higher rate than would be expected according to this null model.On the other hand  , the MT-CO1 protein shared by the red neck species A. nancymmae and the grey neck species A. vociferans indicated a close relation between them. In the MT-CO1 protein topology Additional file 5B  , however  , the shared sequence between A. griseimembra and A trivirgatus pointed to the close relation of these two grey neck species although A. lemurinus failed to group with A. griseimembra.Note the presence of TYRP1 surrounding melanosomes in both sets of melanocytes. A Cells immunolabeled with antibodies against the mature PMEL protein HMB45  , red; a  , d  , insets and TYRP1 green; b  , e  , insets; the melanosomes were visualized by bright field c  , f and pseudo-colored blue in the insets.The indicated ribosomal proteins were silenced with two to three individual siRNAs and the mean PM density or function is shown as a red line. A  , B The effect of ribosomal stalk protein RPLP0—P0  , RPLP1—P1  , and PRPL2—P2 and eEF-2 knockdown on the PM density A and function B of rΔF508-CFTR in CFBE.The Hrb87F protein also co-localizes in the nucleoplasm with the hsrω-n ncRNA in the nucleoplasmic omega speckles 14 as shown by immunostaining for Hrb87F red combined with FRISH for hsrω-n green ncRNA on intact wild type w1118 Malpighian tubule nuclei. Hrb87F forms omega trails in ISWI mutant nuclei.The GFP fusion protein and the HADA label red were observed by fluorescence microscopy and cells were observed with DIC or phase microscopy. Values represent the average of three independent experiments.Other annotated genes that are differentially regulated include the exported RBC protein GARP  , and MAEBL  , a predicted invasion ligand. Several possess targeting motifs predicted to direct their export out of the parasite and into the red blood cell RBC 41 notable examples include PFC1080c  , PFA0615w and PFD0080c Additional data file 1.CR performed the GFP reporter assays. TJN performed the Netrin-1 experiments.Genomic/protein domain organization and deletion data are from WormBase  , http://www.wormbase.org  , release WS221. Deletion alleles are indicated by red bars.Note how STI1 protein can be seen in nuclear puncta with high frequency where Wldis being expressed  , but was never observed in non-Wld-expressing cells. Stress induced phosphoprotein 1 STI1 is shown in red  , the nuclear marker TOPRO3 is shown in blue  , and Wlds protein in green panels a  , d and g show STI1 and TOPRO3; panels b  , e and h show construct and TOPRO3; and c  , f and i show all three markers.Because the C terminus of GIPC1 binds to the minus-end-directed motor myosin VI Myo6 that has also been involved in endocytosis 56  , we considered the hypothesis that Myo6 could cooperate with GIPC1 in promoting α5β1 integrin internalization. These data  , together with the fact that sihMyo6 EC adhesion to FN was severely hampered Figure 10B  , indicate that Myo6 cooperates with GIPC1 in the regulation of active α5β1 integrin endocytosis.In C  , BHK-21 hamster cells were transfected with CD28 cDNA vector and after 48 h incubated successively for 30 min with labeled SEB red  , goat polyclonal αCD28  , and Cy2-labeled donkey anti-goat IgG green. In B  , HEK293-T cells were transfected to express CD28-GFP fusion protein green and after 48 h incubated for 1 h with Alexa-Fluor-633-labeled SEB red.Strong induction of DCX mRNA expression M and protein expression N were also detected in NTERA-2 cultures and to a lower level in D283 cultures following retinoic acid treatment. The presence of Map2 red could also be detected in most DCX-expressing NTERA-2.TRAP score was calculated as a measure of protein binding affinity towards the known promoter motifs identified by Ohler et al. The 1st subset red line contains genes with the strongest reduction of Pol II in promoter regions; the 3rd subset gray line correspondingly contains genes with smallest Pol II loss.The protein expression pattern is the same as the mRNA expression pattern Figure 5D. In the normal rachis  , feather keratin protein red is expressed in the dorsal part and in regions surrounding the medulla  , while K75 protein green is expressed in the ventral rachis as well as at lower density in the medulla.The x-axis corresponds to the protein sequence  , and the y-axis corresponds to the posterior probability of the estimation. Positively selected residues are colored in red  , neutral in grey  , and negative in blue.Dynactin  , a large multisubunit protein complex of comparable size to cytoplasmic dynein  , is proposed to link the dynein motor to cargo and/or increases its processivity. Cytoplasmic dynein is a large multimeric protein complex comprising two heavy chain subunits red that possess microtubule binding and ATPase activity  , two intermediate chains yellow  , two light intermediate chains indigo  , and an assortment of light chains light pink  , green  , orange reviewed in 7.Oocyte chromatin spreads immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and γH2AX blue. Mutation of Stag3 causes a failure to repair DSBs during meiosis in oocytes.Fusion constructs were co-transfected into BHK21 cells together with a red fluorescent protein membrane marker as a reference. To test whether the linear dose-response of these candidates with unknown function correlates with nuclear localization  , we generated carboxy-terminal green fluorescent protein GFP-tagged proteins and analyzed their subcellular localization.Giant multinucleated cells were strongly positive for cell membrane HER2 protein green arrow  , D. HER2 positive intracytoplasmic granules red arrow were seen in T-DM1 treated tumours D  , while not in trastuzumab treated ones C.We observe that both miP1a and CO and miP1b and CO co-localize in the same sub-nuclear structures Fig 1C. Potential inhibition of CO by miP1a/b could either be as a result of preventing the CO protein from entering the nucleus  , or by attenuating DNA-binding of CO. To determine if miP1a/b can retain CO in the cytoplasm  , we transiently co-transformed tobacco leaves with fusions of CO to the green fluorescent protein GFP and fusions of miP1a  , miP1b and miP1a* to the red fluorescent protein RFP.The products were linearized using restriction enzymes and transformed into wild type S. pombe by the lithium acetate method 57. To fuse Rlc1p and Sid4p with monomeric red fluorescence protein mRFP  , DNA fragments containing either the rlc1 or sid4 were first amplified by PCR and were then cloned into pJK210-mRFP.The cytotoxic potential of the purified LLO preparation  , prior to application on a Jurkat cell line  , was tested on SRBC sheep red blood cells for haemolytic activity assay. Total protein electrophoresis Figure 1A of E. coli sonicate lane 1  , purified LLO preparation lane 2  , and western blotting of purified LLO preparation with anti-LLO antibodies right B 1 and 2 lanes suggested the presence of a highly uniform protein preparation.The presence of a single protein of approximately 58 kDa  , equivalent to the LLO molecular mass was observed.Ten minutes of exposure to Netrin-1 caused a 22% increase in β-catenin signal. The total pixel intensity of β-catenin indirect immunofluorescence was measured for each growth cone and values for growth cones treated with Netrin-1 were then normalised against untreated control growth cones to show fold changes in the β-catenin signal Figure 2F.Cyclic di-GMP production was initiated by the addition of GTP and Mg2+. In contrast  , c-di-GMP–bound WspRwt that was incubated at higher protein concentration in the presence of nucleotide sample 4; yellow trace eluted at the same position as the original enzyme sample 1; red trace  , reminiscent of an elongated  , product-inhibited dimer.Interestingly  , RNAi-mediated knockdown of Myo6 in human umbilical artery ECs Figure 10A resulted in a significant ∼70% impairment of active α5β1 integrin internalization Figure 10F and 10H  , whereas the total integrin pool was only mildly affected ∼25%; Figure 10F and 10G. Because the C terminus of GIPC1 binds to the minus-end-directed motor myosin VI Myo6 that has also been involved in endocytosis 56  , we considered the hypothesis that Myo6 could cooperate with GIPC1 in promoting α5β1 integrin internalization.Assuming red JF was the primary ancestral origin of diversity at this gene  , some replacement mutations between red JF and chicken are potentially associated with the domestication process. In protein-coding regions 17 SNPs were observed: 10 were nonsynonymous and 7 were synonymous.Zoospores derived from a transgenic P. capsici strain were used  , which expressed the red fluorescent protein-coding gene tdTomato  , and infection was monitored through confocal microscopy Figure 1B. Based on these observations  , we investigated whether P. capsici forms haustoria in planta and inoculated tomato plants.The strength of correlation between marks is illustrated in this diagram by the color intensity red - positive correlation; blue - negative correlation. This strong correlation is not present on chromosome 4; HP1a and H3K9me3 instead are positively correlated with H3K36me3  , a mark of elongation  , and the chromosome 4-specific protein POF left.B Oocyte chromatin spread preparations of Stag3 control and mutant were immunolabeled using antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and the transverse filament of the central region of the SC SYCP1 green. A Spermatocyte chromatin spread preparations of Stag3 control and mutant were immunolabeled using antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and the transverse filament of the central region of the SC SYCP1 green.The site of selective editing is indicated in red The process of efficient editing occurs as two consecutive events: 1 ADAR in blue recognizes a longer intronic stem by a non-specific interaction; 2 when the ADAR enzymes have been recruited  , the catalytic domain of the protein interacts with a specific site  , ideal for catalysis  , situated in a shorter stem limited by a barbell-like structure in grey.While the relationship between the Wnt response and β-catenin is well established  , β-catenin's relationship with Netrin-1 is not  , so we next used in vitro assays to show that Netrin-1 treatment causes an increase in levels of β-catenin protein in thalamic growth cones and induces β-catenin dependent gene expression in thalamic cells. Netrin-1 is known to be a key regulator of thalamocortical development 14 ,15.First  , we hypothesised that the high levels of β-catenin mediated transcription we observed in the thalamus of BAT-gal embryos Figure 1G are contributed to by Netrin-1. We found significant increases in the thalamic levels of β-actin and L1 mRNAs but not Epha4 mRNA following Netrin-1 treatment for 90 minutes Figure 2C.In B  , HEK293-T cells were transfected to express CD28-GFP fusion protein green and after 48 h incubated for 1 h with Alexa-Fluor-633-labeled SEB red. Representative fields of confocal microscopy are shown.Nevertheless  , the known presence of an algal endosymbiont in the ancestor of apicomplexans provides a reasonable biological explanation for the presence of a plant-specific chromatin remodeling protein in the lineage. Given this uncertainty  , and the relative paucity of genomic data from dinoflagellates and red algae a possible source of alveolate plastids  , HGT of Ashr3 from an algal endosymbiont is purely speculative at this juncture  , and remains one of several possibilities for the acquisition of this protein.Jurkat cells were infected as in panel A and stimulated with anti-CD3/CD28 for 3 hours  , and NFAT1 red localization was assessed by confocal microscopy B. Jurkat cells were infected with retrovirus encoding HA-NFAT1 or HA-NFAT1-S79A  , and after 72 hours  , the infection efficiency was assessed by flow cytometry for green fluorescent protein GFP expression A.Protein maximum likelihood phylogeny of cytochrome oxidase 2 . Major groups are labeled to the right  , with diatoms red and dinoflagellates purple indicated by a box and D. baltica and K. foliaceum genes in black.K-M Microphotographs of Oikopleura embryos at the mid-tailbud/early hatchling K  , Stage 1 L  , and Stage 2 M  , hybridized in situ with a digoxigenin-labeled Od-laminin α1 antisense probe. J Schematic representation of the Oikopleura notochord cells 20 numbered red squares  , followed  , for comparison purposes  , by a delineation of the Od-Hox4 green  , Od-Hox11 purple 29  , and Od-netrin blue expression patterns.Red text indicates protein; black text indicates RNA; number of edges indicated by node size; colored boxes adjacent to the clusters indicate the time points for which a correlation coefficient greater than 0.3 exists between the target and the CASP8 network Edges represent correlations greater than 0.3 between CASP8 network and other targets.A Protein sequence alignment around leucine 1396 red shows high conservation across species. *p<0.05  , **p<0.01 one-way ANOVAMyosin VI is the only reverse motor known to date  , moving in the direction
opposite to all other myosins studied so far. An alternative mechanism has recently been proposed for myosin VI 28  , which is
thought to function as a force sensor as well as a transporter 29: stable
lead head binding is facilitated by a backward load on the head  , and hence
internal strain between the two necks promotes forward binding of an unbound
head.Amino acids maintained between the two forms are indicated in red. For each open reading frame  , a portion of the normal protein sequence is shown on the first line  , and the sequence that differs upon the alternative splicing event is shown below.The pictures inside the blue frame indicate the absence of immunosignals of each protein in the mutant of its own gene  , except for the Suvar2–5 mutant where weak immunosignals are visibile on the chromocenter  , on telomeres and very few euchromatic sites. The pictures inside the red frame indicate the abnormal immunopattern of a protein in a mutation affecting another protein.CP relationship between GTPase and hypothetical protein YlqF. Residues shown as cyan/pink and blue/red spacefill models are the amino and carboxyl termini  , respectively.Cell nuclei were stained with Hoechst 33342 Blue. B. Immunocytochemistry of Oct-4 protein Red before UD and after RA differentiation.Red arrows indicate the Gag Pr55 band. Protein size markers on gels and blots are indicated in kDA.Evolutionary studies indicate that all LHC superfamily members have a common origin and arose from an cyanobacterial one-helix HLIP-like protein ancestor 4-6 ,8-11 ,15. In the green lineage  , the ancestral HLIP/OHP1-like sequences were lost  , whereas in the red lineage HLIP/OHP1-like sequences can be found  , encoded either on the plastid or the nuclear genomes Figure 2  , Table S2  , see Additional file 7.Potential interface substitutions that may maintain or alter a physical interaction and the evolutionary consequences for the protein-protein interaction network. In the network diagrams blue nodes represent proteins  , red nodes duplicate proteins and edges between nodes depict physical interactionsQuantification of total Notch protein was the sum of pixel intensity of full length Notch  , NEXT and NICD. A Western blot of third instar larval eye discs showing endogenous Notch protein; blue arrow indicates full length Notch ~290 KDa  , black arrow indicates membrane bound NEXT ~120 KDa  , red arrow indicates NICD ~110 KDa  , all highlighted by green boxes 107.Counts for the paired-end strand specific datasets PE are on the x-axis in all cases. Counts for all protein coding genes features a  , b  , e  , f  , i  , j and for all non-coding features c  , d  , g  , h  , k  , l are compared for the PE data versus the SE data red and the PE data using the strand specific protocol with the paired end data using a non-strand specific protocol NS data  , blue.Extension curves are normalized to the contour length of ssDNA measured prior to exposure to VirE2. A Force versus extension curves of fully coated black  , partially coated blue  , green ssDNA-VirE2 filaments  , and uncoated ssDNA red in assembly buffer at low protein concentration.Premelanosome protein PMEL also known as PMEL17  , SILV or gp100 is an integral membrane protein exclusively expressed in pigment cells that synthesize primarily eumelanins 2. Vertebrates produce two types of pigment - red/yellow pheomelanins and black/brown eumelanins 1.This means that any <DBT> insertion within another protein coding sequence has a 1:3 chance of being in-frame regardless of its orientation. The second transposon design  , the Double-Barrel transposon <DBT>  , Figure 1B  , encodes green and red fluorescent proteins GFP and DsRed in opposite orientations.The human gene annotation displayed at the top of the figure shows RNA and protein-coding genes as well as non-coding regions Detected heteroplasmy in H. sapiens human  , M. mulatta macaque  , C. sabaeus vervet  , C. jacchus marmoset  , O. garnettii bushbaby  , M. musculus mouse  , R. norvegicus rat  , H. glaber naked mole-rat  , O. cuniculus rabbit  , B. taurus cattle  , D. delphis dolphin  , S. scrofa pig  , C. familiaris dog  , M. putorius furo ferret  , S. harrisii Tasmanian devil  , and G. gallus chicken displayed in red on the mtDNA multiple alignment with the associated evolutionary tree.The 93D cytologenetic location is indicated by arrowhead. C and D Besides its chromatin localization  , the Squid protein largely colocalizes with the hsrω-n ncRNA 14 in omega speckles as seen after immunostaining for the Squid protein red and FRISH for hsrω-n RNA green on w Malpighian tubule whole nucleus.The VC155 and VN173 fragments added to the C and N terminal ends of IGLR-2 and PAQR-2  , respectively  , allows reconstitution of a full and fluorescent VENUS YFP protein if the two proteins come into close proximity. A Schematic structures of the IGLR-2 and PAQR-2 proteins  , with novel mutations indicated by red arrowheads.The thin double lines depict growth curves measured by optical density OD 600nm and the thick lines show relative luminescence readings corrected for OD. Promoters of the operons epsA-O B and tapA-sipW-tasA C encoding exopolysaccharides and amyloid-like protein fibers  , respectively  , were fused to the butterfly luciferase gene luc and tested for transcription activity in B. subtilis BSB1 WT blue lines and RM red lines cells grown in liquid biofilm-stimulating medium MSgg as described in Materials and Methods.For the transient transfection of mammalian cells  , we used the plasmid pEGFP-HDQ74 driving the expression of a fragment of exon-1 of Htt fused to the enhanced green fluorescent protein EGFP kindly provided by David C. Rubinsztein  , Cambridge  , United Kingdom and pHDQ119-EYFP enhanced yellow fluorescent protein  , which drive the expression of a fragment of exon-1 of Htt fused to EYFP. The plasmid pCDNA-3-H2B-mRFPruby encoding histone H2B that was fused to the monomeric red fluorescent protein RFP ruby 42 was created by subcloning the KpnI and StuI fragment from pAc5.1-H2B-mRFPruby 43 into KpnI and EcoRV sites of pCDNA3.1+ vector Invitrogen  , Carlsbad  , California  , United States.Asterisks represent stop codons. Cysteines found in the predicted mature protein sequences are colored in red.For each condition values represent means for n = 84-95 growth cones randomly selected from 3 independent cultures each including thalamic tissue from several embryos Students t-test p values for ± Netrin-1 comparion indicated above histogram bars at each time-point. F Growth cone β-catenin staining pixel intensity measured after 10 minutes  , 1 hour  , or 24 hours exposure to Netrin-1 expressed relative to untreated controls.To address whether genes crucial for immunity are generally required for recovery  , we studied pmk-1  , which encodes a p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase that is a major regulator of innate immunity in C. elegans
14  , 30  , 31. In agreement with previously published reports that ELT-2 regulates innate immunity 12  , 28  , RNAi of elt-2 did significantly reduce survival of animals continuously infected with S. enterica Figure 5A; red lines.A dashed black arrow represents a non-binding site. A red arrow connects a motif to a protein it binds to as revealed by its three-dimensional structure.Genes in M30 impacted by single nucleotide variant non-synonymous DNM from epileptic encephalopathy EE cases are filled in light red. Graphical representation of the M30 co-expression and protein-protein interaction network and its relationship to epilepsy.Exons are shown as red boxes and blue boxes represent portions of the HFM1 protein with recognized domains. c Predicted alternative splicing variants of Hfm1 Hfm1 001  , 005  , 201 and 202.These DBTRG cells were transduced with lentivirus expressing red fluorescent protein DBTRG-RFP or Zsgreen DBTRG-Zsgreen as described earlier 10 ,12 to enable their identification from normal CNS parenchyma. Early passages of patient-derived human glioma cells  , DBTRG a kind gift from Dr. C. Kruse18 were used in xenograft studies.B Pooled single-cell trajectories average of ∼100 cells of an LTR-GFP Jurkat clone incubated in exogenous Tat protein for 4 h and then imaged black squares for 10 h. The downward trajectory of the GFP pulse begins at 9 h after addition of exogenous Tat  , far quicker than predicted in a non–feedback resistor simulation based on a Tat half-life of 8 h red line. Error bars are shown as gray background behind the data points.G and H–H″ Wild-type control discs were immunostained with anti-Ptc antibody to show Ptc protein expression G  , and wing discs expressing Src:Flag:Smurf driven by ap-gal4 were immunostained to show the expression of Ptc red and Flag green H–H″. E and F–F″ Wild-type control discs were immunostained with anti-Ptc antibody to show Ptc protein expression E  , and wing discs expressing Flag:Smurf driven by ap-gal4 were immunostained to show the expression of Ptc red and GFPgreen  , which shows the area of Smurf expression F–F″.S6  , Supplementary Material online; Sommer et al. First  , we analyzed derlin family proteins  , which are required for both the ER-associated protein degradation system ERAD and the symbiont-specific ERAD-like machinery SELMA for transport through the periplastidal membrane of complex red plastids supplementary fig.Identical results were obtained using the His6-RECQ1 in the presence of ssDNA. We observe that the protein density is arranged around two stain-accumulated pores in both head-on views of the structure Figure 3D  , red arrows indicating a possible straight conduit running through the length of the helicase.Also  , within the current resolution limits ∼5.7 nm; Figure S2B  , top right  , there were no indications of an ordered multimeric ring-like structure of radius >8 nm at the gate red arrowheads in Figure 4A  , left that could correspond to a portal or to a larger multimer of the packaging ATPase P9 or the packaging efficiency factor P6 or their heteromultimer. Manual fitting of a hexameric model of the only viral packaging ATPase structure available STIV2 protein B204  , 36 from a nontailed dsDNA virus into the PRD1 gate structure indicates a size mismatch between the tube and the multimeric ring Figure 4B.The plasmid pCDNA-3-H2B-mRFPruby encoding histone H2B that was fused to the monomeric red fluorescent protein RFP ruby 42 was created by subcloning the KpnI and StuI fragment from pAc5.1-H2B-mRFPruby 43 into KpnI and EcoRV sites of pCDNA3.1+ vector Invitrogen  , Carlsbad  , California  , United States. We used the primers HDfor—cgaattcgccaccATGAAGGCCTTCGAGTCCCTCAAGT—and HDrev—GACCGGTACACGGTCTTTCTTGGTAG—that were subsequently cloned in the EcoRI and AgeI sites of pEYFP-N1 vector Clontech  , Palo Alto  , California  , United States.Transcriptional and protein-protein interactions are shown in black and red  , respectively. The composite negative feedback loop established by CsfB and σG is similar to the one that limits the activity of the sigma factor in pre-divisional cells 20.Yellow arrows mark the position of so mutant clones in which Eya protein is present and the composite enhancer lacZ reporter is activated. Green = GFP  , red = Eya protein  , blue = lacZ.Next  , we confirmed an efficient recovery of the AtGRP7-GFP fusion protein from the lysate upon precipitation with GFP Trap beads IP+ but not upon mock precipitation with RED FLUORESCENT PROTEIN RFP Trap beads IP− by immunoblotting Fig. The light harvesting chlorophyll binding protein LHCP was not depleted from the supernatant.A Three close-up views of the protein–DNA interaction observed in the T-ag obd–DNA co-structure. Atoms from the DNA involved in hydrogen bonds yellow dashed lines are shown as spheres: phosphate red  , oxygen orange  , and nitrogen blue.Meiotic prophase stages are indicated across the top. C Chromatin spreads were immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red  , the centromere-kinetochore green  , CEN and SMC6 protein which localizes to the pericentromeric heterochromatin clusters also known as “chromocenters” blue.A Protein structure and homology between ICA1 from Arabidopsis and Thg1 from yeast and human. Identical amino acids are shaded in black  , while S81P  , equivalent to yeast H34 and to the nucleotide binding site described in the human homologue 38 is marked in red color.D: a single amino acid residue in region 2.1 purple sector allows CsfB to discriminate between the highly similar forespore sigma factors σF and σG: N45 of B. subtilis σG allows binding by CsfB  , whereas a glutamate at the same position precludes binding. Transcriptional and protein-protein interactions are shown in black and red  , respectively.The purifying selection of psbA in Lejeuneaceae has been noticed in a recent study 55. The structure and function of the D1 protein are conserved among cyanobacteria  , red algae and plants 53 ,54.Autosomal recessive PKD ARPKD protein fibrocystin and nephronophthisis disease proteins  , nephrocystin and inversin  , are involved in ciliary protein transport 7 ,8. Both autosomal dominant PKD ADPDK proteins Polycystin-1 and −2 are localized to primary cilia and are necessary for cilia-mediated signaling in response to a fluid-flow stimulus 6.Mean and standard deviation of the columns of each graph are represented by the black bars and P values are given for indicated comparisons Mann-Whitney  , one-tailed. E Chromatin spreads from purified testicular germ cells of Stag3 and Stag3 mice aged 16 dpp were immunolabeled using an antibody against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 blue and then hybridized to two pre-labelled FISH probes  , one that detects the entire X chromosome green and the other detects 200 kilobases of mouse chromosome 11 TK 11qE1 distal to the centromere red  , white arrows.Fraction of protein with cytosolic versus mitochondrial localization. Mitochondrial and cytoplasmic forms are represented by red and blue  , respectivelySequences used were obtained from GenBank at NCBI human  , Homo sapiens  , NP_076425.1; chimp  , Pan troglodytes  , XP_001160122.1; monkey  , Macaca mulatta  , NP_001244544.1; mouse  , Mus musculus  , NP_081622.1; rat  , Rattus norvegicus  , NP_001099241.1; cow  , Bos taurus  , NP_001192540.1; dog  , Canis lupus familiaris  , XP_003639160.1; chicken  , Gallus gallus  , NP_001264526.1; frog  , Xenopus tropicalis  , NP_001004910.2; zebrafish  , Danio rerio  , NP_001007377.2 and the alignment was produced using ClustalW2 41. Conservation of the protein sequence surrounding the mutation is highlighted with residues identical to those in the mouse sequence boxed the mutated leucine is shown in red in the mouse sequence.We indicate the measured fitness effects of strains carrying mad3Δ  , bub1Δ  , or the single-copy protein at the BUB1 locus as red and green vertical bars. A The resolution of our assay was assessed by performing 64 competitions of wild-type spores from the SGA process carrying identical marked alleles from a mosaic of BY4741/BY4742 parental background and are assayed using our high-throughput fitness assay grey curve.On the other hand  , the appearance of Congo Red fluorescence in dead calcein AM-negative cells is consistent with the suggestion that the presence of β-sheet structured protein aggregates may be a marker of neural cell injury and decay 37 ,38. Nevertheless  , the overlap between the calcein AM and the Congo Red positive labeling indicated that  , even in very old cultures  , amyloid like aggregates could be found in the remaining alive hippocampal cells  , which continue to maintain intact membrane integrity.Level of dE2F2 protein remains the same in both wts mutant and wild type tissue. I Endogenous dE2F2 protein red is expressed ubiquitously throughout the eye disc.It has been shown that fusion of a HPV-16 shuffled E7 protein E7sh to Zera® enhanced immunogenicity of the protein; moreover  , free protein bodies mixed with free E7sh protein also resulted in an enhanced immune response 36  , 46. Zera® fused to several different proteins - including red fluorescent protein 43  , enhanced cyan fluorescent protein 44  , human growth hormone 44  , calcitonin 41 and epidermal growth factor 45 - has been shown to result in the formation of PBs in the leaves of both transiently and stably transformed tobacco plants.However  , SirT1 inhibition is not comparable to activation by TSA lower panel  , blue or TNF-α lower panel  , green  , which do enhance transcriptional initiation by altering local chromatin state  , and result in significantly increased activation. Off state destabilization via SirT1 inhibition is comparable to activation by exogenous Tat protein lower panel  , red  , which does not enhance transcriptional initiation or alter local chromatin state.IR level of SR protein genes were tested in triplicate with primer sets designed for IR isoforms  , total transcripts of the corresponding genes  , and PpACT2 see Additional file 7. Quantitative RT-PCR analysis of IR level in samples grown under the dark 0-h light  , 1-h  , and 4-h of red red-colored bars and blue blue-colored bar light are shown.We next asked whether Netrin-1 treatment affects growth cone β-catenin. This experiment demonstrates rapid and dynamic fluctuations in growth cone β-catenin concentration in response to the thalamocortical guidance cue Netrin-1.The splicing factor SRP40 was used as a control for nuclear localization Figure 4c. Fusion constructs were co-transfected into BHK21 cells together with a red fluorescent protein membrane marker as a reference.A solid line between two proteins indicates a direct interaction; an arrow indicates that protein A acts on protein B. Proteins identified in this screen are labeled in red.The pre-stress phase is indicated by a white scale bar  , which turns red upon NaCl addition. GFP  , green fluorescent protein.The protein sequences from the family Halobacteriaceae formed a distinctive clade in red nested within bacteria. The phylogenetic trees for MenF are shown in figure 4.A key finding in this study is the rapid increase in the levels of β-catenin protein in thalamic growth cones in response to the axon guidance cue Netrin-1. Therefore  , while we have not directly addressed whether or not β-catenin is locally translated in thalamic growth cones in the present study  , our finding that β-catenin mRNA is present in thalamic axons and that elements in its 3'UTR assist protein expression in the thalamic axonal compartment make it a strong possibility.MSCs formed mineralized osteoblasts as detected by the calcium binding dye  , alizarin red S; they formed adipocytes with oil red O stainable lipid droplets; and formed proteoglycan-filled cartilage pellets that stained purple with toluidine blue when subjected to pellet culture in the presence of bone morphogenic protein 2 and tumor necrosis factor β. The hMSCs readily differentiated into all three lineages when subjected to the appropriate conditions Figure 1.Representative images of ddaEs labeled with antibodies against Kn top and RedStinger bottom in “OE Kn+Wnd” and “OE Kn+WndKD” using Gal4. C Wnd kinase specifically down-regulates the expression of UAS-Kn  , but not UAS-RedStinger a nuclear red fluorescent protein 66 in a posttranscriptional manner.The amino acid substituted in japonica is indicated in red. B Amino acid sequence of the indica FOS1 protein.d ROC curve for our motif-protein binding sites predictions within the Pol II complex. In this case  , all six PDB verified binding sites red arrows are ranked among the top half  , while all five non-binding sites have low confidence values with ranks below 100.Intracranial injections of an equal volume of PBS were used to control for injury induced by the injection itself. We then injected lentiviral-transduced  , DBTRG cells expressing red fluorescent protein DBTRG-RFP into the brains of 10 week-old GFAP-luc; Rag2-/- mice by stereotactic injection.The role of disorder is more relevant in proteins lacking canonical RNA-binding domains grey line  , indicating that unstructured regions might have direct involvement in contacting RNA. Overall  , from low to high interaction propensities  , the contribution of disorder decreases progressively with respect to that of the full-length protein red and grey lines  , in agreement with a previous analysis 25.Alignment was performed using Clustal Omega www.ebi.ac.uk/Tools/msa/clustalo with protein sequences of Arabidopsis thaliana ClpD At5g51070  , ClpC1 At5g50920  , ClpC2 At3g48870  , and ClpB3 At5g15450  , Bacillus subtilis ClpC AAA19233  , and Escherichia coli ClpB EDV64786. The tripeptide loop shown to be required for interaction with ClpP subunits of the Clp protease complex is boxed in red.We compared the relative proportions of cells expressing the green fluorescent protein and red fluorescent protein at the 20th generation to the 40th generation and we calculated the selection coefficient for each competition see Methods. We reasoned that if any additional single nucleotide polymorphisms SNPs between the query strains and parental strain of our mutant arrays had a detectable fitness effect but masked due to epistasis within their respective backgrounds  , or if these SNPs showed non-transitive fitness effects  , they would be uncovered within these 16 spores.All figures depicting protein structures were generated with PyMOL The PyMOL Molecular Graphics System ,
http://www.pymol.org. β-strands D  , E  , B  , B′  , and A are light blue  , strands A′ ,G  , F  , C  , C′  , and C′′ are dark blue  , strands CI′  , CI  , and I′′ are pink  , α-helical regions are gray  , disulfide bonds are yellow  , and the three CDR loops as defined in Ig V domain structures are red.Enlarged sections of head neurons red framed and ventral cord neurons white framed are shown. The double-mutant worms show a marked decrease in protein aggregation in neurons.Protein pairs in the hidden set in a ten-fold cross validation are ranked based on their predicted interaction probabilities green  , red  , and black curves for Prosite  , Pfam  , and naïve Bayes  , respectively. Verification of protein-protein interaction predictions relative to reliable interactions.With the protein regulator red curve  , any leakage in transcription is amplified through translation  , resulting in large bursts of protein expression  , as was recently observed experimentally 81 ,82. This can be understood by inspecting the time courses of protein expression Figure 5C.All four fall onto the outer surface of the protein and are not predicted to interfere with the polymerase active site. Four of the eight amino acid positions found to be under positive selection 330  , 381  , 441  , and 484; red globes could be mapped onto the structure.The black horizontal lines are proportional to extension length and the red rectangles represent predicted TMH locations and lengths via ConPredII. Schematic representation of 21 unionoidean bivalve M. A Bayesian Inference estimate of phylogeny with posterior probabilities via Mr. Bayes  , maximum parsimony bootstrap percentages when >50%; via PAUP*  , and a "+" to indicate significant maximum likelihood ancestral state reconstructions via Mesquite given at the tree nodes  , based on analyses of 2310 unambiguously alignable protein coding nucleotides from the F and Mcox2-cox1 gene junction regions  , and a maximum likelihood optimization of TMH number are presented.The inclusion of a poison cassette exon harboring a premature termination codon PTC  , red stop sign leads to RNA degradation through NMD. d Schematic showing how SRSF3 controls the levels of other SR protein family members through alternative splicing.MacroRNA and lincRNA exons exhibit similar degrees of constraint and appear to evolve faster than protein-coding exons. The cumulative distributions of substitution rate for a exons and b promoters as measured for macroRNAs red  , lincRNAs black and protein-coding genes blue.The predicted R. oryzae protein HMPREF1544_07988 likely represents an aberrant SID-1 homolog. The red  , blue and yellow boxes label GC kinases with homologies to N. crassa POD-6  , MST-1 and SID-1  , respectively.Potential inhibition of CO by miP1a/b could either be as a result of preventing the CO protein from entering the nucleus  , or by attenuating DNA-binding of CO. To determine if miP1a/b can retain CO in the cytoplasm  , we transiently co-transformed tobacco leaves with fusions of CO to the green fluorescent protein GFP and fusions of miP1a  , miP1b and miP1a* to the red fluorescent protein RFP. Taken together  , these results demonstrate that miP1a/b and CO are able to physically interact in planta through their B-Box domains and that these interactions do not inhibit nuclear localization of CO.PM invaginations were accompanied by thick extracellular deposits of CW material Figure 2A  , asterisk  , which were pectinaceous as revealed by Ruthenium red staining Figure 2C. The PM invagination phenotype was also observed in ANX2 over-expressing lines  , while we never saw it in any of the ANX1-YFP or ANX2-YFP complemented lines n>100 PTs  , two independent lines for each fusion protein.These data show that 8F1 recognizes not only its specific target two ERCC1 transcript variants  , but also another unrelated nuclear membrane protein PCYT1A. The positive reactive proteins are highlighted with red arrows.Among four phytochrome-knockout mutants  , we found phy1 and phy3 mutants still behave similarly as the WT with increased IR level for PpRPP3A and decreased for PpSCL42. IR level of two genes encoding the ribosomal protein PpRPP3A and SR protein PpSCL42 were measured by qRT-PCR in WT and four phytochrome knockout mutants grown under the dark  , 1 h  , and 4 h of red light Figure 8B and Additional file 1: Figure S5.The red arrows show the sites where green fluorescent protein GFP signals were accumulated in the WT but not in the mutant. J DR5::GFP signals in the concave side of the apical hook of the wild type WT and the ctl1 mutant at 1 and 3 days after germination.Although we were unable to identify Ashr3 genes in either green or red algae  , they are present in early land plants  , and phylogenetic analyses  , both ours and previous 23  , indicate that Ashr3 is a relatively ancient SET protein family. The Ashr3 Set subfamily is not found in animals or fungi 23 and  , based on our survey of complete NCBI protein databases  , appears to be restricted to green plants and apicomplexans.A Typical dynamics of Hsp104-associated protein aggregate gray closed circles and constitutively expressed mCherry level red line of an extinct lineage top and a survived lineage bottom. The numerical values for the plots are deposited in the Dryad repository: http://dx.doi.org/10.5061/dryad.s2t5t/15.The clinical chemistry panel included measurements of alanine aminotransferase  , gamma glutamyltransferase  , albumin  , globulin  , glucose  , alkaline phosphatase  , high-density lipoprotein cholesterol  , aspartate aminotransferase  , total protein  , low density lipoprotein cholesterol  , blood urea nitrogen  , phosphorous  , calcium  , potassium  , chloride  , sodium  , total cholesterol  , and creatine. Hematology endpoints including red blood cells  , red cell distribution width  , hemoglobin  , reticulocytes  , hematocrit  , platelets  , mean cell volume  , mean platelet volume  , mean cell hemoglobin  , white blood cells  , mean cell hemoglobin concentration  , and white cell differential were determined using the Siemens Advia 120/2120 Hematology platform following manufacturer’s protocols.The left most panel is a Stag3 chromatin spread at pachytene stage. A Chromatin spreads were immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red  , the centromere-kinetochore blue  , CEN and the telomeric protein TRF1 green.For FACS screening  , the mutant stock population containing 7.5 × 108 viable cells per ml was diluted 1:100 in 20 ml minimal medium containing 0.1 mM IPTG to induce expression of the far-red fluorescent protein Crimson  , which was taken as an indicator of metabolically active cells. Of the initial cells  , 46.2% survived the MNNG treatment and among the surviving cells approximately 16% were auxotrophs.The sequences of some pseudogenes EgrG_ps1  , HmN_ps1 are very similar to that of their orthologs. b The presence of indels highlighted in red in the protein sequence generates frameshift mutations and serves as evidence of a pseudogenization process.The targets outlined in red indicate genes modulated in response to chronic vortioxetine treatment in adult rats. The connecting lines represent physical protein–protein interactions.Bayesian and maximum likelihood phylogenetic analyses of SRAI yellow  , SCARA5 red  , MARCO blue  , SCARA3 orange  , and SCARA4 green protein sequences show a possible evolutionary history of this protein family. Phylogeny of all the common domains shared by the class A scavenger receptor protein sequences.The whiskers show the standard deviation of the precision and recall over the tenfold cross-validation. Blue represents the network built from only microarray data  , red represents the network built from only genetic interactions and protein interactions  , and green represents the fully integrated network using genetic interactions  , protein interactions  , and microarray data.c The numbers of distinct domains per genome in extant species are shown on the right side; for groups of species represented as triangles  , these numbers are averages. b The numbers of gained protein domains per branch edge  , inferred by Dollo parsimony  , are shown in green  , whereas inferred losses are shown in red.red fluorescent protein DsRed and human fibroblasts stably expressing Zoanthus sp. For dual-color co-culture experiments  , breast cancer cells stably expressing Discosoma sp.Color code indicates logarithm of p-values of two-sample KS tests performed on pre- and post-evolution proteomes along with the direction of change blue—drop in abundance  , red—increase in abundance see Materials and Methods. B Change in global variation in protein abundances induced by experimental evolution of the indicated orthologous strains calculated for functional and regulatory classes of genes.While the contribution of translational repression can be estimated by subtracting mRNA changes from protein changes  , polysome profiling directly captures translational changes independent of mRNA changes. The overall effect of miRNA on target gene expression can be divided into mRNA degradation black arrow and translational repression red arrow.Design and analysis of hybrid flagellin protein. hFliC CD spectra red curve was essentially a hybrid of the two proteinsIt is of interest to study whether
the other myosins  , including myosin Va  , also adopt a similar  , strain-dependent
binding for forward bias. Myosin VI is the only reverse motor known to date  , moving in the direction
opposite to all other myosins studied so far.As shown in Figure 2B there was a significant increase in LacZ mRNA in cultures exposed to Netrin-1 for 90 minutes compared to untreated controls  , showing that Netrin-1 can induce β-catenin mediated transcription in thalamic cells. We used qRT-PCR to measure levels of LacZ mRNA in thalamic cultures prepared from BAT-gal embryos.The proposed acquisition of the histone modifier Ashr3 and ApiAP2 transcription factors also appear to have occurred at or near this point in evolutionary history. Ancestral apicomplexa are thought to have appeared during the transition from the Neoproterozoic to the Paleozoic era  , a time when nematodes and arthropods were extant  , providing a possible source for transfer of Set8  , cytoadhesion protein/invasion proteins and enzymes involved in O-linked glycosylation red arrow.For example  , locally applied nerve growth factor NGF or Netrin-1 induce de novo interstitial branch formation in cultured cortical neurons 2  , 3. In addition  , diffusible  , secreted cues also regulate neurite branching.A Chromatin spreads were immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red  , phosphorylated histone H2AFX blue  , γH2AX and the transverse filament of the central region of the SC SYCP1 green. Chromatin spreads from purified testicular germ cells of Stag3 and Stag3 mice aged 16 dpp were prepared and immunolabeled.The 677 high-confidence  , median-to-high fraction heteroplasmies MAF≥5% were depicted with their positions on the mitochondrial genome indicated on the X axis  , and their minor allele fractions indicated on the Y axis on the right hand side. The lower panel displays the D-loop region grey  , the 24 RNA genes blue  , and the 13 protein-coding genes red on the mitochondrial genome.Local translation of mRNAs in growth cones is a well established mechanism to facilitate rapid changes in growth cone protein levels in response to guidance cues including Netrin-1 so we hypothesised that thalamic axons might contain β-catenin mRNA 44-56. While the relationship between the Wnt response and β-catenin is well established  , β-catenin's relationship with Netrin-1 is not  , so we next used in vitro assays to show that Netrin-1 treatment causes an increase in levels of β-catenin protein in thalamic growth cones and induces β-catenin dependent gene expression in thalamic cells.Proteins identified by mass spectrometry are indicated. The position of the bait protein is highlighted by a red dot.Representative phase-contrast upper and fluorescence lower images of PHBECs tagged with VenusNLS and of hAMSCs expressing red fluorescent protein DsRed2. F Human breast mesenchymal and epithelial cells can be infected and tagged with lentiviruses expressing fluorescent marker proteins.B Quantification of DLL1-Flag and DLL4-Flag in two independent CHOattP-DLL1 B5  , C6 and CHOattP-DLL4 B5  , D3 cell lines by Western blot analysis of cell lysates with anti-Flag and anti-β-actin for normalisation antibodies showed similar protein levels. Resulting cells were used in Notch-activation assays in combination with HeLa-N1 cells as schematically shown below DLL1 depicted as blue bar; DLL4  , red; NOTCH1  , grey; HeLa-N1 cells are encircled in green.Sea anemone cytotoxic proteins bind to cell membranes and have cation-selective pore-forming activity 48; we thus suggest that the platypus homologue could cause the weak hemolysis breaking open of red blood cells 17 as well as pain 9 that have been observed in envenomated victims. This peptide has a sea anemone cytotoxic protein domain  , is homologous to peptides such as hemolytic toxin and actinoporin Or-A  , and does not show significant homology along its length to any proteins from other species in the National Center for Biotechnology Information NCBI database.Violet rectangles  , δ-amastin 5′- and 3′-flanking regions δ-ama FRs; blue rectangle  , glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase I-II intergenic region GAPDH IR; magenta arrow  , neo; green arrow  , enhanced green fluorescence protein EGFP; red highlights  , position of the T. brucei dihydrolipoyl dehydrogenase mTP mito and the peroxisomal targeting sequence type 1 PTS1. a The pAEX series of plasmids.In all three-helix members of the LHC protein superfamily investigated so far only helices I and III are conserved while helix II shows much lower sequence conservation; in contrast to this  , sequence conservation also occurred in the second helix of RedCAPs from different organisms Figure S1 C  , see Additional file 3. Alignments of RedCAP amino acid sequences with three-helix members from the extended LHC protein superfamily present in the red FCP/LHCF  , LHCR or LHCX and green CAB  , LHCSR  , ELIP and LHL4 algal lineages confirmed their distinct primary and secondary structure Figure S1 A and B  , see Additional file 3.The positive reactive proteins are pointed with red arrows. The high density protein microarray chip was immunostained with rabbit polyclonal anti-ERCC1 antibody FL297.Embryos were co-electroporated with a vector encoding a red fluorescent protein pIRES-2-mCherry; 0.05 µg/µl and two BiFC vectors 0.7 µg/µl each. All electroporations were performed in ovo.A red rectangle marks the area of a 50-kDa protein  , corresponding to enolase  , used as a loading control of Western blot analysis. The lysate prepared from cells cultured in the Single or Multi conditions were loaded on the same gel.We first established datasets of 791 genes encoding protein mediators and their receptors based on literature and database-derived data  , in total 502 cytokine and growth factor genes Additional file 3: Dataset S2 and 289 receptor genes Additional file 3: Dataset S4. 2a  , b  , median blue  , or high red expression levels according to the observed TPM values.To test the capability of the vector to mediate tetracycline-regulatable expression we cloned the genes encoding firefly luciferase Luc and red fluorescent protein RFP into the multiple cloning site Fig. 3B  , lanes 6 and 8  , which were absent from the CL-Brener pLEW13 lanes  , were diagnostic of targeted integration into the non-transcribed spacer region upstream of the 18S rRNA gene.Genes in red or green correspond to upregulated or downregulated  , respectively. Vertical rectangle  , G protein–coupled receptor; dashed square  , growth factor; inverted triangle  , kinase; horizontal rectangle  , ligand-dependent nuclear receptor; triangle  , phosphatase; oval  , transcription regulator; trapezoid  , transporter; circle  , other.These data suggest that photomorphogenic responses in plants can be controlled by gene regulation at the mRNA splicing step. Further analysis in this report showed that AS patterns of SR protein gene transcripts are altered by red light and this effect is reduced in phyB and rrc1 mutants.To fuse Rlc1p and Sid4p with monomeric red fluorescence protein mRFP  , DNA fragments containing either the rlc1 or sid4 were first amplified by PCR and were then cloned into pJK210-mRFP. DNA fragments containing C-terminal sequences of rlc1 and sid4 were amplified by PCR with primer pairs MOH461 5′GAGAGCTGGTACCTGAATGTTCTCTTCGAAGGAA3′ and MOH462 5′GAGAGTGCCCGGGATTGCTATCTTTTGACCC3′; MOH2460 5′CGGGGTACCTAAGGAGATGAATGCCACAATACAATC3′ and MOH2461 5′TCCCCCGGGCAAACTACGTTTTTTAAGCTCCC3′  , respectively  , for cloning.The protein sequence resulting from Dobra-1/Petro-1 allele  , carrying a single bp T deletion that causes a frame shift  , is shown in red. A Partial sequences of splice form 1 SF1 and SF2 in Col-0 and Dobra-1/Petro-1 spanning the first intron and their predicted impacts on protein sequence.Tropomodulin and tropomyosin stabilize the junctional complex. The organization of the membrane skeleton in erythrocytes red blood cells includes integral membrane proteins e.g.  , Band 3  , anchoring proteins ankyrin  , spectrin filaments  , and “junctional complexes” short actin filaments  , protein 4.1  , adducin  , tropomodulin  , and tropomyosin; Delaunay 2002.A Immunostaining for the ISWI protein red combined with FRISH for hsrω-n RNA green on wild type w salivary gland SG squashed nuclei shows omega speckles decorating polytene chromosome edges without any significant overlap with chromosome-bound ISWI. H A magnified image of Squid and ISWI signals corresponding to the white boxed area in G shows representative sites where ISWI and Squid proteins partially overlap white arrows.MET1 protein acts at DMRs light blue rectangles with lollipops of imprinted genes  , such as FIS2  , to deposit a methylation mark red filled lollipops  , resulting in transcriptional inactivation. A In plants  , during female gametogenesis  , the RB-MSI1 complex may interact with E2F transcription factors dotted lines and HDACs to repress the expression of the DNA methyltransferase MET1.We next transfected Sy5y cells with two plasmids: one to express the ∼500 AUUCU repeat Figure 1C and the other to express GFP-tagged hnRNP K. FISH analysis of the double-transfected cells revealed significant co-localization of the red fluorescence from the AUUCU RNA repeat and the green fluorescence from the GFP-hnRNP K Figure 3F; arrow  , indicating that hnRNP K exists as a RNA-protein complex with AUUCU RNA in vivo. Sagittal sections of hippocampus CA1 Figure 3E and cerebral cortex Figure S3 from the 6-month-old transgenic mice showed distinct co-localization of ∼500 AUUCU aggregates with endogenous hnRNP K. In contrast  , control mouse brains showed no foci Figure 3D.The 93D cytologenetic locus is indicated by the arrowhead. A and B The NonA protein colocalizes with the hsrω-n ncRNA 14 in omega speckles as seen after immunostaining for the NonA protein red and FRISH for hsrω-n RNA green on w Malpighian tubule whole nucleus 14.We transformed these constructs into an unencapsulated strain constitutively expressing a red fluorescent protein RFP fused to a housekeeping gene hlpA_hlpA-rfp 30. 3b.The dorsal trajectory of DA motor neuron outgrowth depends on the UNC-6/netrin receptor genes  , unc-5 and unc-40  , and the receptor protein tyrosine phosphatase RPTP clr-1 gene 90 ,91  , all three of which are enriched in the embryonic A-class dataset Figure 12. During embryonic development  , DA motor neurons extend commissures that circumnavigate the body wall to innervate dorsal muscles.DMSO  , dimethyl sulfoxide; SEM  , standard error of the mean; tRFP  , turbo red fluorescent protein. Data points represent average tumor volume ± SEM  , ***  , P < 0.001.B Alignment of CG11963/SkAP protein sequence with Succinate CoA ligase family members using ClustalW. Red stars indicate residues conserved from mammals through to Escherichia coli within the nucleotide binding domain 44.Netrin-1 is known to be a key regulator of thalamocortical development 14 ,15. First we use in situ hybridisation  , immunohistochemistry  , and a BAT-gal reporter transgene to show that β-catenin is expressed at high levels both in cell bodies and in axons in the developing thalamus and that β-catenin mediated transcription is very active in thalamic cells at this time.Moreover  , phylogenetic reconstructions based on SRY and MT-CO1 protein sequence data showed close relations between red neck and grey neck species; this latter topology as well as the MT-CYB topology Additional file 5D corroborated that the red neck trait was not monophyletic. If the proposed topologies were accepted as a valid representation of the evolutionary divergence of Aotus the red neck pelage trait must had appeared independently in A. nancymaae and in the red neck clade A. nigriceps A. azarae  , A. infulatus and this would also be acceptable in the event of an alternative polytomy Figure 5 which might be proposed in view of the low value of bootstrap and posterior probability indices at some nodes Figure 3  , Additional files 2 and 3.Control EGFP-positive neurons which were transfected with pTα1-EGFP alone showed strong CREB accumulation in the nuclei Fig. Instead of DNA sequencing analysis as a method for the genotyping of Creb  , we directly examined an expression level of CREB protein in individual transfected neurons using ICC with anti-EGFP Alexa488  , green  , anti-CREB Cy3  , red antibodies and DAPI blue after fixation at 7 DIV.We obtained transgenic plants expressing the HISTONE2B fused to red fluorescent protein RFP under the control of the MET1 promoter pMET1-H2B-RFP. Coexpression of MSI1 and RBR1 during female gametogenesis suggested that MET1 expression might be down-regulated in a specific manner in the female gametes.As the available markers for C. elegans are tagged with green fluorescent protein GFP  , we generated a C. elegans line expressing R2E2 tagged with red fluorescent protein RFP under the control of the myo-3 promoter for BWM cell specific expression R2E2m::RFP. To examine whether the induction of autophagy is a secondary cellular response due to damage of essential components like mitochondria  , or if the prion domain is directly targeted by the autophagy-lysosome pathway ALP  , we employed C. elegans lines expressing markers of specific membraneous organelles.The green markers indicate locations of protein coding sequences where significant couplings are present. The red markers show the positions of sites identified in an earlier GWAS study of resistance determining variation in the pneumococcal genomes.Only set 5 yielded a tree topology that was different red branch from the 47 protein consensus topology top left The protein alignments were concatenated per set  , and each alignment was subjected to Bayesian inference with a mixed amino-acid model.D Wild-type control discs were immunostained with anti-Ptc antibody to show Ptc protein expression at the same time as E–J. C–C″ Wing discs expressing shmiR smurf and uas-GFP by ap-gal4 were immunostained to show the expression of dppZ red and GFP green.b Kappa scores were calculated for all possible human gene-gene pairs  , gene-gene pairs with randomized annotation terms  , all collected protein-protein interacting pairs  , and all 'chemokine' gene pairs  , respectively. The blue and red lines represent median and mean observations  , respectively.Cell lysate is prepared and proteins from lysate are captured using the tagged RNA in vitro. In this example the MS2 protein-RNA interaction tagging method is shown with the target RNA red  , MS2-binding motif purple and MS2 protein gray.Each point corresponds to a different threshold  , giving rise to a different number of predicted interactions. Protein pairs in the hidden set in a ten-fold cross validation are ranked based on their predicted interaction probabilities green  , red  , and black curves for Prosite  , Pfam  , and naïve Bayes  , respectively.LGG-1::GFP transgenic animals that express the ortholog of the autophagosome marker LC3 in mammals or ATG8 in yeast were used to monitor autophagic vesicles 45. As the available markers for C. elegans are tagged with green fluorescent protein GFP  , we generated a C. elegans line expressing R2E2 tagged with red fluorescent protein RFP under the control of the myo-3 promoter for BWM cell specific expression R2E2m::RFP.B Immunoblot detection of PTST in soluble protein extracts from leaves. Red arrows indicate T-DNA insertion sites.Interestingly  , although majority of the top 1 ,000 IR events were rapidly induced by light  , IR for all of these genes showed the pattern of light repression Figure 4. We selected SR protein genes in the top 1 ,000 events of both red- and blue-light data for validation by qRT-PCR Additional file 1: Figure S5.Transcriptional and protein-protein interactions are shown in black and red  , respectively. C: the panel represents the composite negative feedback loop that operates in pre-divisional cells  , and possibly also in the forespore prior to engulfment completion  , to prevent activation of the σG positive auto-regulatory loop.Conversely  , adipogenesis was strongly inhibited in untreated  , as well as Bio- and CD2314+Bio-treated cultures Figure 1. As previously described  , stimulation of mESCs with CD2314  , from day 3 to 6 after EB formation  , was sufficient to induce adipocyte development in this system  , as monitored by the expression of adipocyte differentiation-specific markers such as fatty acid binding protein 4 Fabp4 and lipoprotein lipase Lpl genes Figure 1b  , c  , oil red O staining of triglycerides in mature adipocytes Figure 1d  , e  , and glycerol-phosphate dehydrogenase GPDH activity Figure 1f.Like the gal10 mutant  , the C. albicans dfi1 mutant is hypersensitive to cell wall disturbing agents such as Congo Red and Caspofungin 34. DFI1 encodes a cell wall-linked protein that promotes invasive filamentation when C. albicans is grown in semi-solid medium 34.Yellow and red dots indicate a physical contact between residues. In a–d protein backbones are shown in grey and blue with residue side-chain in red  , purple and yellow.B Sequence of splice form 3 SF3 in Col-0 showing the frame shift due to the partial intron retention and the corresponding protein sequence. The protein sequence resulting from Dobra-1/Petro-1 allele  , carrying a single bp T deletion that causes a frame shift  , is shown in red.The fluorescence was examined 24 h after transfection. Twenty random clones were tested for shRNA efficiency on 3T3 cells when cotransfected individually with the pEGFP plasmid and a control plasmid  , pDsRed2  , expressing Red Fluorescent Protein RFP.The possible structure of the PP7 coat protein dimer carrying LMWP with the AB-loops shown in ribbon was predicted using the program RasMol 2.7.1 b The cDNA sequence of LMWP in red was inserted after the KpnI site of the vector pETDuet-2PP7 a.The binding surface on aRps14 is largely comprised of the surface of the β-sheet in the globular core domain gold in Figure 1A and the basic residue rich C-terminal extension Rps14-CE; red in Figure 1A  , protein contact map in Figure S2. Figure 1C  , alignment in Figure S1B 25.Alignment of orthologous 3′ splice site sequences shown below the NMR structure PDB accession 2ADC  , displayed with PyMOL of the highly homologous PTBP1 protein green complexed with RNA red 33. D A NAGNAG which inserts/deletes an arginine in RNA recognition motif 4 RRM4 of the splicing factor PTBP2 is deeply conserved.The vertical central zone represents envelope damage that may accompany mutations in these pathways; breakdown of envelope integrity may allow the cytoplasmic LacZ protein to come into contact with and hydrolyze the extracellular compound CPRG chlorophenyl red-β-D-galactopyranoside. The isoprenoid compound undecaprenyl-phosphate Und is an integral part of several of these pathways.a LAMP-1 antibody binding in untreated control b LAMP-1 antibody binding in ultrasound and microbubble USMB treated cells c GFP-clathrin in untreated control d GFP-clathrin in USMB-treated cells e Merged channels of GFP-clathrin green and LAMP-1 antibody red in untreated control f Merged channels of GFP-clathrin and LAMP-1 antibody in USMB-treated cells n = 3. The localization of Lysosomal Associated Membrane Protein-1 LAMP-1 antibody in Green Fluorescent Protein GFP-transfected Retinal Pigmented Epithelial cells RPE.aVisualization of the elution profiles of the known consensus protein groups  , dynactin DCTN  , red  , cytoplasmic dynein 1 module DYN  , blue  , after analysis by liquid chromatography coupled to tandem mass spectrometry LC-MS/MS and label-free quantification. The distance of the modules from the bait  , along the curved  , dashed line  , reflects the resistance of the interaction to SDS and correlates with stability of association.H–I′″ Flies with the indicated genotype were treated by heat-shock to induce mosaic cell clones using Flip-out method  , wing discs carrying clones expression of smurf knockdown transgene were immunostained to show the expression of GFP green  , Smo red  , and Ci purple. G S2 cells were treated with indicated dsRNA for 72 h  , and then transfected with Smo:Myc construct  , Western blot was performed to measure levels of Smo protein.Phylogenetic reconstructions resulting from Dat-CON provided the most coherent topologies ML and Bayesian  , with strong support for most branches while analysis of MT-CO1 resulted in very similar phylogenetic reconstructions  , only differing by the position of NA2 in the ML topology Additional file 2A. The MT-CYB protein topology Additional file 5D showed one cluster of red neck species  , a second cluster grouping all grey neck species  , and placed the red neck A. nancymaae specimens as basal offshoots.Cells without obvious GFP localization were discarded prior to the analysis in total 26 cells were discarded from the Bub1-GFP strain  , 7 from the Mad3-GFP strain  , and 11 from the SCP-GFP strain. Quantification of the localization pattern was performed by visual inspection of the green fluorescent protein of cells grown in co-culture  , and then the strains were classified according to their blue or red fluorescence.b Cartoon of SoxB protein structures. Non-homologous amino acids are highlighted in red  , the 3 helices of the DNA binding domain are indicated as yellow bars.Dcr-2 red arch has missing domains in trematodes compared to cestodes  , monogeneans and planarians. Conserved protein domains were predicted with HMMScan.C and D Besides its chromatin localization  , the Squid protein largely colocalizes with the hsrω-n ncRNA 14 in omega speckles as seen after immunostaining for the Squid protein red and FRISH for hsrω-n RNA green on w Malpighian tubule whole nucleus. DAPI stained DNA is shown in blue and hsrω–n RNA in green.Green signal indicates detection of the endogenous HOXA13-GFP fusion protein. Red signal = detection of the HOXA13-GFP fusion protein using a GFP antibody denoted as α-GFP.The numbers indicate the subunits of the protein. The secondary structures at the amino terminus of the protein are indicated by dark blue shading and the secondary structures at the C-terminus are colored red.Arrowhead marks the position of the morphogenetic furrow. Red = Eya protein  , green = β-galactosidase  , yellow = positions of co-localization between Eya and β-galactosidase.The GFP column shows the signal detected in the green channel; the ER Tracker column shows the signal detected in the red channel; the GFP+ ER Tracker column corresponds to the merging of the green and red channels  , in which yellow represents the superposition of green and red. B Expression of GFP protein a  , b and AtOxR-GFP fusion constructs c~f in A. thaliana  root cells.An alignment of chicken and human IL-4Rα protein sequences. Sites marked green and in red letters indicate those subsequently observed as segregating in chicken populations and/or with differences between the chicken and the red JF sequences.The mCherry and GFP fusion protein were observed by fluorescence microscopy red and green  , respectively  , and cells were observed with DIC microscopy grey. E Images of IPTG-controlled secA strain DRH729 expressing MreB-RFPSW in the presence or absence of IPTG.Secreted Wnt glycoproteins CWN-1  , EGL-20 and CWN-2 are marked in orange and purple  , respectively  , which form discrete graded distribution along the anterior-posterior axis to regulate the stereotyped PLM branching pattern. Schematic diagram depicting that Wnt and Netrin pathways orthogonally regulate PLM neurite branching.Arrowheads indicate myelin outfoldings. Green is neurofilament NF-L; red is myelin basic protein MBP  , staining compact myelin.HA-tagged Cic or CicΔC2 protein was detected by anti-HA antibody red. Transgene expression was induced using the esg

F/O system at 29°C for 2 days.Promising insights have been provided by the comparison of the protein import apparatus across all lineages of complex red plastids surrounded by four membranes  , including apicomplexan parasites Bolte et al. 2008 needs to be explained  , because membrane loss has never been observed in strictly vertically evolving lineages Bodył and Moszczyński 2006.In addition  , all green fluorescent protein GFP or monomeric red fluorescence protein mRFP1 21 tagged reporters were expressed specifically in engulfing cells under the control of P  , the ced-1 promoter 15. ABplaapppa  , ABpraapppa  , and ABplaapppp  , three ventral hypodermal cells  , engulf C1  , C2  , and C3  , respectively Figure 1Cf and 1Da  , during their extension to the ventral midline 1.To obtain the gene encoding the red fluorescent protein RFP  , construct pTEX-Red 47 was first digested with Bam HI and Bgl II and re-ligated to delete awkward restriction sites. pTcINDEX was digested with Bam HI and Nru I and the luciferase gene was ligated into the vector to produce pTcINDEX-Luc.To test whether observed cBIN1 membrane turnover in mice can be translated to human biology and correlated with disease  , we first examined the expression of cBIN1 protein in human heart tissue  , as well as its availability in blood. As shown in Fig 6B  , 9 BIN1-specific peptides with a total of 30% sequence coverage bold letters were detected by mass spectrometry  , including the proline-rich peptide specifically encoded by exon 13 KGPPVPPPPK in red text  , validating cBIN1 detection by western blot in Fig 6A.We find that Netrin-1 induces β-catenin mediated transcriptional activity in thalamic cells and induces rapid changes in the growth cone levels of β-catenin protein. We provide evidence that β-catenin mRNA and protein are expressed at high levels in mouse embryonic thalamic cells and their axons at the time connections are being formed with the cerebral cortex.Although this mutation abolished the DNA binding of Pbx1/Meis1 complexes red asterisk in Figure 5C  , as previously described 48  , trimeric complexes were still observed with wild type Hox proteins Figure 5C. This mutant protein was called Meis51 as it was done for Exd and Pbx1 since this residue corresponds to the position 51 in classical 60 amino acids long HDs 50.The conserved expression of netrin in Ciona 54 and in Oikopleura suggests that the tunicate notochord  , in addition to its structural role  , is able to provide some essential positional cues to the developing nervous system. In higher chordates  , the notochord is known to serve a dual function: providing structural support to the developing embryo  , and secreting patterning signals required for tissue specification and organogenesis 1.Meiotic prophase stages are indicated across the top. Chromatin spreads were immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and pan-cohesin component SMC3 A  , mitotic cohesin components SMC1α B and RAD21 C and meiosis-specific cohesin components RAD21L D  , REC8 E and SMC1β F in green.E Chromatin spreads from purified testicular germ cells of Stag3 and Stag3 mice aged 16 dpp were immunolabeled using an antibody against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 blue and then hybridized to two pre-labelled FISH probes  , one that detects the entire X chromosome green and the other detects 200 kilobases of mouse chromosome 11 TK 11qE1 distal to the centromere red  , white arrows. S3.Total cholesterol was determined using the Amplex Red Cholesterol Assay Kit Invitrogen  , Mount Waverly  , Vic  , Australia. Protein determination was performed using the Micro BCA Protein Assay Kit Pierce  , Rockford  , Il  , USA.DFI1 encodes a cell wall-linked protein that promotes invasive filamentation when C. albicans is grown in semi-solid medium 34. Rather  , the colonization defect may be related to the anomalous cell wall ultrastructure found in the gal10 mutant  , an observation supported by the increased sensitivity of the mutant to cell wall disturbing agents such as Congo Red 35.Quantification of insoluble proteins in the red outlined areas revealed a fold change of 3.5±0.8 SD on average between young and aged animals two biological and two experimental repeats. Total protein fraction was diluted 1∶3 compared to the insoluble fraction.This result suggests that the OsSNF7 protein also resides in MVBs and co-localizes with LRD6-6. The result showed most of the green fluorescence produced by OsSNF7–GFP overlapped with the red fluorescence signals of LRD6-6–RFP S27 Fig.Yellow: neutral lipids; red: phospholipids. Phenotypes of RNAi against the vitellogenin-like protein Cv-d. A Lipid droplets in the posterior midgut  , fat body and wing disc of Cv-d RNAi third instar larvae visualized with Nile red.Node labels indicate both posterior probabilities generated from the Bayesian analysis and bootstrap values of the maximum likelihood tree ML/BY. Bayesian and maximum likelihood phylogenetic analyses of SRAI yellow  , SCARA5 red  , MARCO blue  , SCARA3 orange  , and SCARA4 green protein sequences show a possible evolutionary history of this protein family.Klcs may mediate cargo-binding via an intermediate scaffold protein blue that binds a cargo transmembrane protein yellow. The conventional kinesin holoenzyme  , also known as kinesin-1  , is a heterotetramer comprising two Khc subunits red with microtubule binding and ATPase domains  , a central coiled stalk  , and a tail domain that interacts with two Klc subunits green.The dashed line denotes protein duplications in other cellular compartments  , outside the mitochondria all proteins are listed in Table S9 in Additional data file 1. The solid blue line represents duplicating mitochondrial proteins  , while the solid red line corresponds to duplications of genes followed by relocalization of one of the proteins to the mitochondria.We found that most of the punctate signals of CTL1-EGFP colocalized with vacuolar proton ATPase subunit VHA-a isoform 1 monomer red fluorescent protein VHA-a1-mRFP Fig 2B  , a TGN/EE marker 17. To identify intracellular punctate structures at which CTL1-EGFP is localized  , we crossed this CTL1-EGFP transgenic line with the transgenic lines that stably express fluorescent markers for several organelles.Although the bootstrap support was modest <30%; but in the Bayesian tree  , the relationship between haloarchaea and Roseiflexus sp. The protein sequences from the family Halobacteriaceae formed a distinctive clade in red nested within bacteria.Genes selected for further study are highlighted in red. Only genes with more than three associations to gene ontology GO terms  , SwissProt—Protein Information Resource SP_PIR keywords or Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes KEGG pathways are shown.Because our strains are supposedly genetically identical except for the possibility of non-shared SNPs  , we expect an average selection coefficient of zero and the standard deviation obtained from this test can be used to estimate the resolution of our assay deviations due to growth conditions or to the non-shared SNPs. We compared the relative proportions of cells expressing the green fluorescent protein and red fluorescent protein at the 20th generation to the 40th generation and we calculated the selection coefficient for each competition see Methods.The red and blue lines are the ANCOVA lines for the duplicate genes comparing those with and without phenotype. With expression level as a key predictor of rates of protein evolution it is again vital to control for this variable via an ANCOVA.During this process  , structure and composition of the light-harvesting systems changed: Phycobilisomes  , the main light harvesting systems in cyanobacteria  , were lost in chlorophytes and their function was taken over by members of the extended LHC protein superfamily. Soon after the evolution of primary plastids  , photosynthetic eukaryotes split into three lineages  , chlorophytes green algae and land plants  , rhodophytes red algae and glaucophytes 14 ,15.b Localization analysis of EG1-GFP and chloroplasts in rice protoplasts. Mitochondria are marked by dye Mito Tracker Red MT Red or MTS-mOrange protein.TAD: transactivation domain of HIF-1α; CXXC: CXXC domain of TET1 protein; CD: catalytic domain of TET1 protein; meC: 5-methylcytosine; me: methyl group; HRE: hypoxia-response element. Red arrow indicates the process of demethylation of 5mC by TET1.One day after adding Netrin-1 values were similar to those in untreated growth cones. After 1-hour exposure to Netrin-1  , the β-catenin signal in the growth cones was reduced by 19%.Knob-associated histidine-rich protein KAHRP is a structural knob component that anchors the major virulence factor Plasmodium falciparum erythrocyte surface protein 1 PfEMP1 on the knob surface 1. Host cell remodeling includes the development of electron dense protrusions on the infected red blood cell surface called knobs.However  , cells with an impaired envelope may admit CPRG to the cytoplasm  , where the LacZ protein hydrolyzes it to form a red product. Wild-type E. coli cells form white colonies on plates containing this compound because CPRG cannot enter intact bacteria.I Endogenous dE2F2 protein red is expressed ubiquitously throughout the eye disc. Cells that express cyclin E are marked with GFP green and are outlined.Red edges denote protein-protein interactions  , black edges denote gene-pathway associations  , blue edges denote gene-CNS function associations  , and gray edges denote pathway-pathway or pathway-CNS function associations. Yellow nodes denote cytoskeletal pathways/genes  , green nodes denote vesicle-mediated transport pathways/genes  , red nodes denote signaling pathways/genes  , and blue nodes denote CNS functions.The mean shortest path length between the 175 longevity protein homologs in the network is 4.15 vertical red line. Panel B shows path length analysis for interactions among longevity homologs using randomized networks.Figure 9 highlights our predicted functional residues on the adenylyl kinase protein structure. Three residues 27  , 54 and 89 from our predictions red colored in Figure 9 contribute to substrate-binding specificity  , as have been noted before in the structural studies of the UMP kinases 38.D Schematics of ex vivo monoculture conditions of PHBEC upper and hAMSC lower with representative phase-contrast images left and fluorescence images of PHBECs expressing enhanced green fluorescent protein EGFP and hAMSCs expressing red fluorescent protein DsRed2 after 30 days growth on an extracellular matrix ECM-coated mesh. Scale bars 10 μm.As shown in Fig 6B  , 9 BIN1-specific peptides with a total of 30% sequence coverage bold letters were detected by mass spectrometry  , including the proline-rich peptide specifically encoded by exon 13 KGPPVPPPPK in red text  , validating cBIN1 detection by western blot in Fig 6A. Following gel separation and Coomassie Blue staining  , the identified cBIN1 protein band indicated by red arrow was cut and subjected to trypsin digestion  , followed by mass spectrometry.In order to monitor the response of thalamic cells to Netrin-1 we employed a culture system in which thalamic explants were cultured on glass coverslips and allowed to extend axons. We next asked whether Netrin-1 treatment affects growth cone β-catenin.A phylogeny built using both Bayesian and maximum likelihood methods demonstrates the relatedness of the protein SRCR domain sequences across MARCO blue  , SRAI yellow  , and SCARA5 red. The SRCR domain is highly conserved across the SRCR-containing class A scavenger receptor protein sequences.Both images show the presence of N52-identified nerve fibers that lack myelin arrowhead and fibers with myelin arrow. A and B. Confocal micrographs showing N52 red and myelin basic protein MBP; green staining relationships in the coronal region A; longitudinal plane and in nerve fiber bundles located in the center of the radicular area B; cross-section.Rabbit antibody against GFP protein red detects PARPe-EGFP. U85 scaRNA probe green detects CBLP.Red = Eya protein  , green = β-galactosidase  , yellow = positions of co-localization between Eya and β-galactosidase. AEL = after egg laying.Upper panels: Immunostaining of MCF-7/HSPC-NV5 cells with purified antibodies against endogenous protein HSPC111; green and the V5 tag V5; red. a Detection of endogenous and tagged HSPC111 by indirect immunofluorescence.Ammonium may contribute to ammonia permeation by accumulating on the vacuolar protein surface and by possibly having its protons shuttled back into the acidic vacuole by His 131 red at position LCP in loop C via a water-filled side pore. E Tentative working model of ammonia-permeating AtTIP2;1.Red lines represent the cutoff thresholds and blue lines mark the “intermediate” regions. MYC expression Y axis and large ribosomal structural protein expression X axis were plotted for all the published human microarrays in U133A format green marks.Meiotic prophase stages are indicated across the top. Spermatocyte chromatin spread preparations of Stag3 control and mutant were immunolabeled using antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and A RAD21  , B RAD21L and C REC8 green.Human HEK293T or mouse NIH3T3 cells were used for RNAi assays. The amounts of DNA used per well were as follows: the reporter plasmid  , pEGFP  , 50 ng; Red Fluorescent Protein vector pDsRed2  , Clontech  , 50 ng; and shRNA expression vector  , 100 ng ~3 × molar ratio.Nuclear extract was derived from SK-N-BE2 cells. e An electrophoretic mobility shift assay testing the wild-type alleles lanes 1 to 4 and the OCD-risk alleles lanes 5 to 8 of SNP35 top gel and SNP55 bottom gel show that nuclear protein binding red arrow to the SNP35 locus is disrupted by the risk allele.I Wild type retina contains a single layer of interommatidial cells between ommatidial clusters. I–M Pupal retina at 48 hr APF stained with anti-Discs large protein Dlg red to visualize cell outlines.Homologous gene products connected by grey lines were identified with Basic Local Alignment Search Tool protein BLASTP  , a tool used to search a query protein against a protein database. The SBW25 locus is predicted to contain five genes involved in CAP precursor biosynthesis yellow  , wcaJ red  , four glycosyl transferases purple  , two acetyl transferases blue  , five genes involved in polymerisation and transport green  , and four genes of unknown function white.Red asterisks indicate treatments inducing APOBEC3B mRNA  , protein expression  , activity levels and S4/8 RPA phosphorylation. c MCF10A cells were treated as in a prior to lysis and a cytidine deamination assay for APOBEC3 activity using probe 2. d MCF10A cells were treated as in a followed by fixation and immunofluorescence for Ser139 γH2AX and S4/8 replication protein A phosphorylation pRPA.A Full network containing 9 ,780 association lines connecting 876 protein nodes. Nodes are colored according to the following: known mitochondrial-localized proteins reference set correctly predicted by the linear classifier  , green; known mitochondrial-localized proteins not captured by the linear classifier  , light green; predicted proteins not annotated as mitochondrial-localized mitochondrial candidates  , orange; proteins predicted as additional interactors by the network interactor candidates  , blue; mitochondrial candidates recently annotated as mitochondrial-localized MitoP2 database or verified by mitochondrial import assay  , red.Arrowhead indicates the 93D cytologenetic location. A Immunostaining for the ISWI protein red combined with FRISH for hsrω-n RNA green on wild type w salivary gland SG squashed nuclei shows omega speckles decorating polytene chromosome edges without any significant overlap with chromosome-bound ISWI.In contrast  , c-di-GMP–bound WspRwt that was incubated at higher protein concentration in the presence of nucleotide sample 4; yellow trace eluted at the same position as the original enzyme sample 1; red trace  , reminiscent of an elongated  , product-inhibited dimer. The mobility of the sample that had not been subjected to a concentration step sample 3; olive trace was unchanged compared to the nucleotide-free species despite c-di-GMP binding to the I-site.Other proteins such as Netrin-1  , Slit2 and NG2 mediate OPC migration through modulation of RhoA signaling 70–72. The RhoA signaling axis is becoming of increasing interest with regard to MS therapeutics.Our study shows  , that also in red algae and algae with secondary plastids of red algal origin the extended LHC protein superfamily diversified  , among others  , by the evolution of the RedCAP family. Accompanying this process  , in green algae and plants  , the PSBS and LHC-like protein families increased the diversity of subfamilies within the extended LHC protein superfamily 11.Acceptor vectors containing both 5' and 3' RFP have subsequently been created. To expand our repertoire of fluorescent proteins  , we mutated the red fluorescent protein gene from Clontech dsRED2 to increase the fluorescent intensity and prevent homodimerization of the resulting red fluorescent protein RFP 18 ,19.D GFP-tagged Sano protein was overexpressed in the salivary gland using sage-Gal4. Red  , SAS.Highlighted in red are the amino acid changes linked to pyrethroid resistance 20. A Haplotype distribution of non-synonymous equivalent of amino acid protein variants.Red filled points are sites with incorrect reconstruction. b Correlation between the fraction of correct predictions and average The protein family used here is the PDZ domain.Blue represents the network built from only microarray data  , red represents the network built from only genetic interactions and protein interactions  , and green represents the fully integrated network using genetic interactions  , protein interactions  , and microarray data. The colors represent three different networks  , all with 20 K edges.C Wild-type control discs were immunostained with anti-Ptc antibody to show Ptc protein expression. A–A′ and B–B′ Wing discs expressing Ptc:GFP fusion protein ubiquitously expressed by heat shock promoter  , which also expressed Flag-Smurf or Flag-SmurfC1029A driven by ap-gal4  , were immunostained to show the intensity of GFP green and Flag red.This epigenetic mark can be removed empty lollipops in the central cell  , by a base-excision/mismatch repair DNA glycosylase enzyme DME1  , thus leading to transcriptional activation. MET1 protein acts at DMRs light blue rectangles with lollipops of imprinted genes  , such as FIS2  , to deposit a methylation mark red filled lollipops  , resulting in transcriptional inactivation.Regions with increased protein occupancy in MCF7 cells are apparent D Empirical cumulative distribution of the distance to the closest differential T-C transition position FDR <0.1 for all T-C transitions exhibiting a significant change red compared to non-differential positions black. C Genomic loci encoding the long intervening non-coding RNA lincRNA EPHA6-1.B. Over-expression of mutated elbGro* in all photoreceptors using LGMR-GAL4 leads to a specific loss of Rh3 red  , while Rh4 expression cyan is normal. A. Schematic illustrating the UAS-construct for over-expression of an Elb protein with an altered Groucho-binding motif FKPY → IEGS  , see Materials and Methods.B Podocalyxin expression on shCTRLGFP cells green fluorescent protein GFP; solid green and shPODXLGFP dashed green MDA-MB-231 cells left histogram and shCTRLRFP red fluorescent protein RFP; solid red and shPODXLRFP dotted red MDA-MB-231 cells right histogram relative to isotype control shaded. A
PODXL gene expression relative to GAPDH in scrambled shRNA shCTRL and shRNA targeting PODXL shPODXL MDA-MB-231 cells as determined by quantitative PCR n = 3; *P < 0.05; ***P < 0.001.Here  , we elucidate the taxonomic distribution  , phylogeny  , localisation  , expression and potential function of these not yet characterised RedCAPs. Based on sequence similarity hidden Markov model analysis and BLAST searches and predicted secondary structure presence of three predicted transmembrane α-helices these sequences did not fall into any of the previously described extended LHC protein superfamily groups but formed a new group instead  , termed red lineage CAB-like proteins RedCAPs 11.Immunostaining for NEUROG3 and comparison with red fluorescent protein RFP from E14.5 Neurog3-RFP pancreas revealed that 40.1% ± 4.5% of NEUROG3+ cells were co-expressing RFP  , while the remaining NEUROG3+ cells were RFP− S3C ,D Fig. 3A ,B and S3A ,B.D A Bimolecular Fluorescence Complementation assay BiFC was carried out by transient expression in tobacco leaves; ARF2A was cloned downstream of the amino-terminal region of YFP yellow fluorescent protein; YN-ARF2A and ASR1 was cloned downstream of the carboxy-terminal region of YFP YC-ASR1; leaf regions were examined for fluorescent signal by light and confocal fluorescence microscopy. MicroTom fruit at five developmental stages IG: immature green; MG: mature green; Br: breaker; Or: orange; and R: red  , error bars represent SE; statistical significance was evaluated using an ANOVA test JMP software  , SAS with three biological repeats based on the average of three technical replicates  , values indicated by the same letter a ,b ,c are not statistically significant  , p-value<0.05.The circled and numbered protein spots in gel A and gel B indicate the differentially expressed protein spots between the strains  , and those in gel A were extracted and subjected to MALDI TOF/TOF mass spectroscopy. B Overlay image for in-gel comparison between IA5908 red and NCTC11168 green.A–A′ and B–B′ Wing discs expressing Ptc:GFP fusion protein ubiquitously expressed by heat shock promoter  , which also expressed Flag-Smurf or Flag-SmurfC1029A driven by ap-gal4  , were immunostained to show the intensity of GFP green and Flag red. P–P′ Wing discs expressing Hh and Flag:Smurf driven by MS1096-gal4 were immunostained to show Ptc red and Flag green expression.H and I Chromatin spreads were immunolabeled using antibodies against the HORMA domain containing protein HORMAD1 H  , red or HORMAD2 I  , red and the SC central element protein TEX12 green. Arrows represent ATRIP aggregates.A Schematic representation of the VirE2-ssDNA helical structure adapted from 18. The binding of VirE2 monomers to ssDNA is such that the distance between adjacent ssDNA-phosphates of the backbone is 0.41 nm projected along the long axis of the protein thick red line.1995  , Agouti protein causes melanocytes in that follicle to switch from the production of brown/black eumelanin to red/yellow pheomelanin. Secreted by dermal papilla cells within each hair follicle Millar et al.The linear Pearson correlation coefficient rp for the colocalization was 0.87 Fig 2I. We found that most of the punctate signals of CTL1-EGFP colocalized with vacuolar proton ATPase subunit VHA-a isoform 1 monomer red fluorescent protein VHA-a1-mRFP Fig 2B  , a TGN/EE marker 17.Edges drawn from both genetic interactions and microarray data are in red. Orange represents edges drawn from both protein interactions and microarray data.Many genes in Plasmodium are expressed only during a certain developmental stage of the parasite 29  , providing proteins needed for specific functions such as adhesion to a host cell. Lastly  , the lisp2 gene  , encoding the liver stage-specific protein 2  , is expressed exclusively during late liver stage development prior to formation of infectious merozoites  , the parasite forms infecting red blood cells 35.The muskelin-specific antibody red channel  , originally generated against N-terminal muskelin sequences  , recognizes the overexpressed green fluorescent fusion protein  , as revealed from the precise colocalization of green and red puncta in distal dendrites yellow. B Immunostaining of cultured hippocampal neurons expressing GFP-Muskelin 1–160 green channel.The binding site in spacefill for the androstenedione is divided into two modules highlighted in red and yellow corresponding to the binding area for each of these two molecules. Two androstenedione molecules Andro1 and Andro2 colored in blue and purple  , respectively are bound to the protein.The binding of VirE2 monomers to ssDNA is such that the distance between adjacent ssDNA-phosphates of the backbone is 0.41 nm projected along the long axis of the protein thick red line. The overall VirE2-ssDNA structure is stiffened up by strong axial interactions between the VirE2 proteins pink circles.The total pixel intensity of β-catenin indirect immunofluorescence was measured for each growth cone and values for growth cones treated with Netrin-1 were then normalised against untreated control growth cones to show fold changes in the β-catenin signal Figure 2F. An example of a growth cone stained for β-catenin is shown in Figure 2E.A Expression of protein-coding and noncoding genes in Pld6 KO and WT newborn testes. The red spots indicate the promoters of genes showing increased expression in Dnmt3l KO newborn testes >2-fold  , q-value < 0.05.We propose that differences in TAD border strength reflect the role of architectural proteins in mediating long-range interactions. We uncover a spectrum of architectural protein co-localization  , ranging from low blue to high red  , which scales with the strength of TAD border formation.Virus was harvested 48 hours post-transfection and stored at -80°C. The following day  , the HEK293t cells were co-transfected with the pLEmiR non-silencing turbo red fluorescent protein tRFP vector construct 9 μg and the trans-lentiviral packaging mix and pLEX™ transfer vector using the TransLenti Viral pLEX packaging system  , following the manufacturer's instructions Thermo Scientific  , Waltham  , MA  , USA.The Aβ release and the following changes of the specific β-amyloid labeling preceded the decline of cell densities in aging hippocampal cultures. On the other hand  , the appearance of Congo Red fluorescence in dead calcein AM-negative cells is consistent with the suggestion that the presence of β-sheet structured protein aggregates may be a marker of neural cell injury and decay 37 ,38.Our results suggest that Comm/PRRG proteins are part of an ancient family of cell surface protein regulators that originated in single celled eukaryotes and that a subset of WAGR syndrome symptoms are likely due to increased levels of cell surface proteins in axons or synapses. Interestingly  , PRRG3 and PRRG4 both share a conserved cysteine in the transmembrane domain with insect Comm homologues Fig 2C  , highlighted in red and blue  , whereas PRRG1 and PRRG2 do not.SPD_0475 encodes a 204 amino acid CAAX amino terminal protease with unknown function  , SPD_0963 encodes a 45 amino acid hypothetical protein  , SPD_1711 132 amino acids was described as a single-stranded DNA binding protein and may assist in competence 46  , and SPD_1716 is a 63 amino acid ortholog of cell wall or choline - binding protein in other Streptococcaceae. We transformed these constructs into an unencapsulated strain constitutively expressing a red fluorescent protein RFP fused to a housekeeping gene hlpA_hlpA-rfp 30.Phylogenetic relationships among arthropod species included for gene family clustering were estimated using RAxML 31 based on a protein alignment of 66 single-copy orthologs found in all taxa. Figures show arthropod phylogenetic relationships  , per genome proportions of single copy blue and duplicated red genes and orthology relationships among arthropod genes based on gene family clustering with MCL 30.A red arrow connects a motif to a protein it binds to as revealed by its three-dimensional structure. c Binding site predictions for interactions involving Rpb10.A An example of merged fluorescence images green fluorescent protein GFP and red fluorescent protein RFP channels of the strain HN0045 cultured in the microfluidic device. The numerical values for the plots are deposited in the Dryad repository: http://dx.doi.org/10.5061/dryad.s2t5t/15.Meiotic prophase stages are indicated across the top. Oocyte chromatin spreads immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and A SMC3  , B RAD21  , C REC8 and D RAD21L green.Red denotes a protein that was detected under fermentable and green under nonfermentable growth conditions by our proteomic dataset; white indicates proteins that were not detected. Complexes are shown as clusters of circles  , where each circle represents one protein.Zera® fused to several different proteins - including red fluorescent protein 43  , enhanced cyan fluorescent protein 44  , human growth hormone 44  , calcitonin 41 and epidermal growth factor 45 - has been shown to result in the formation of PBs in the leaves of both transiently and stably transformed tobacco plants. 47 showed that encapsulation of hemagglutinin in PBs resulted in stronger immune responses in mice when compared to responses obtained with soluble antigen.The HLIP/OHP1-like sequences were likely at the origin of the nuclear-encoded OHP1  , OHP2 and SEP in the green or OHP2 and SEP in the red algal lineage the monophyletic group of OHP2 sequences might also originate from degenerated SEP sequences 11. Evolutionary studies indicate that all LHC superfamily members have a common origin and arose from an cyanobacterial one-helix HLIP-like protein ancestor 4-6 ,8-11 ,15.Proteins identified by mass spectrometry are indicated. The position of the bait protein and its most prominent degradation product is highlighted by a red and yellow dot  , respectively.Infection featured rapid germination of cysts and infection at 8 hpi  , formation of biotrophy associated haustoria arrowheads visible up to 48 hpi after infection  , and rapid growth and sporulation at 48 and 72 hpi respectively. B Confocal microscopy images of tomato leaves infected with a transgenic P. capsici strain expressing the fluorescent protein TdTomato red.The red fluorescent protein RFP coding device BioBrick BBa_J04450 was chosen since mRFP1 expression by E. coli is easily detected 53. Since functional selection for the insertion of the ampicillin resistance cassette into plasmid vectors previous chapter did not yield information about the background of erroneous  , empty or incomplete ligation events  , a screening method for positive clones was employed.Chemical analysis shows the pigment to be a bilin derived from chlorophyll by removal of phytol and Mg and by oxygenolysis of the methine bridge between pyrrole groups A and B 32. Cells turn yellow  , accompanied by changes in protein and enzyme activities that resemble those of senescing mesophyll cells 28  , and a red pigment is secreted into the medium 29-31.Analyses of MT-CO2 showed paraphyletic arrangements in both ML and Bayesian topologies Additional file 3 while the MT-CO2 protein topology Additional file 5C could only distinguish A. trivirgatus species apart from the others. On the other hand  , the MT-CO1 protein shared by the red neck species A. nancymmae and the grey neck species A. vociferans indicated a close relation between them.Furthermore  , in the eye imaginal disc  , Rho-1–GFP  , which is normally localized to discrete puncta  , is misocalized upon co-expression of Rab11DN by GMR–Gal4 Figure 7C and 7D. Indeed  , expression of a DN form of Rab11 in Drosophila cell culture disrupted the morphology of Rab4/14 endosomes  , marked by Rho-1–red fluorescent protein RFP or Spi–HA  , when the latter was co-expressed with S Figure S4.Increased IPTG-induced protein expression impaired the morphotype  , and colonies remained uncolored. In contrast  , leaky expression of WspRwt or WspRR242A in the absence of IPTG was sufficient to cause a red colony phenotype Figure 6A and 6B.Lower panels show magnifications of the pMAD domains  , and the red line marks the boundary between the A and P compartments. D Wing imaginal discs of ci>GFP and ci>GFP  , Dp110 larva labelled to visualize pMAD protein in red or white and GFP in green.The development of the thalamus and its connections relies on intercellular communication mediated by secreted signalling proteins including Wnt  , Slit  , and Netrin proteins 8-19. In mice axons grow from the thalamus into the ventral telencephalon at around embryonic day E12-13 and then on to the cerebral cortex which they first reach at around E13-14 1-7.Moreover  , luciferases have a rapid turnover t1/2 of 3 hours which allows real-time measurements of the protein production in vivo 16. Sensitivity is currently increasing with further development of brighter forms of luciferase 14 and red shifted mutants 15.Values are the MalS protein produced per generation over the final two time points depicted in A. C The HXK2 mutant isolates n = 2 per strain and condition produce higher levels of MalS protein when the culture originally had its MAL genes on blue diamonds compared to cultures that began growth in maltose–glucose media with their MAL genes OFF red circles.Following 4–6 h of incubation  , a fraction of cells was observed under a microscope to verify the expression of red fluorescence protein RFP from the transformed protoplasts Fig. To downregulate the PvSnRK1 transcript  , a plasmid harboring the PvSnRK1-RNAi construct was transfected into leaf mesophyll-derived protoplasts.Pearson’s correlation coefficients are shown in the plots. A Correlation of the average expression levels and the relative divergences between LC2/ad and LC2/ad-R cells for EGFR pathway genes blue  , caner-related genes red and ribosomal protein genes green.K In wild-type animals the microtubule-associated protein Futsch green and DvGlut red were present in all boutons. J Similarly  , Ank2-L was lost prior to the presynaptic vesicle marker DvGlut red at a semistable NMJ.B Chromatin spreads were immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and meiosis-specific single-end invasion protein DMC1 green. A Chromatin spreads were immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red  , phosphorylated histone H2AFX blue  , γH2AX and the transverse filament of the central region of the SC SYCP1 green.The red bars represent the proportion % of protein sequences identified as LGTs per donor lineage compared with the blue bars that show the proportion % of sequences from that lineage in the reference dataset used as the search space for the analyses. b Taxonomic diversity of donor lineages and their contributions to LGTs.To examine whether Eys is the biologically-relevant target of Rumi in the context of rhabdomere spacing  , we first performed mass spectral analysis on peptides derived from an Eys fragment harboring four Rumi target sites expressed in S2 cells Figure 4A  , the red line. As mentioned above  , another Drosophila protein with multiple predicted Rumi target sites and an IRS phenotype is Eys Figure 2A and Figure 4A 5  , 6.To expand our repertoire of fluorescent proteins  , we mutated the red fluorescent protein gene from Clontech dsRED2 to increase the fluorescent intensity and prevent homodimerization of the resulting red fluorescent protein RFP 18 ,19. For localization using proteins fused to fluorescent proteins  , we use vectors pLP ECFP C1 enhanced cyano  , pLP EGFP C1 enhanced green  , pLP EYFP C1 enhanced yellow and pLPS-3'EGFP and we also created a 3' ECFP vector.The protein sequences used for phylogenetic analysis of Cpn60α1 and Cpn60α2 were obtained from NCBI with the Blastp program. The red frames indicate Cpn60α proteins in Arabidopsis.“MG” in purple boxes indicates that the gene encoding the corresponding protein is present in the M. genitalium G37 genome. Putative proteins present in M. hominis are shown in green; proteins absent from M. hominis are shown in red.The red line represents the best linear fit. D Smooth scatterplot of gene-wise read abundance changes between MCF7 and HEK293 from protein occupancy profiling y-axis and mRNA-seq x-axis data.Hence  , lysosomes of enterocytes seem to contain TRPML3 protein. Dotted lines in M outline the giant lysosome boundaries as defined by Texas Red-dextran in N.B Cross-species alignment of B6 and 129 MLH1 proteins in regions encompassing the polymorphic sites between the two strains. A Schematic representation of the murine MLH1 protein showing the location of B6-129 nonsynonymous polymorphisms identified purple triangles and their positions relative to conserved ATP binding motifs and ATP binding domain dark and light red boxes  , respectively 46  , as well as proposed MMR protein interaction domains blue boxes 41.Images are representative of the most advanced stage of meiosis observed in prophase germ cells of the Stag3 mutants. F Oocyte chromatin spread preparations of Stag3 heterozygote control and Stag3 mutant were immunolabeled using antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red  , the transverse filament of the central region of the SC SYCP1 green and the centromere-kinetochore blue  , CEN.Notably  , we obtained similar results when we used MreB–red fluorescent protein sandwich fusion MreB-RFPSW 35 as a reporter for MreB localization S3A Fig. The observed changes in MreB-msfGFPSW localization are not due to cleavage of the chimeric protein that releases GFP  , since Western blot analysis of wild-type and secA51 cells expressing MreB-msfGFPSW using α-GFP antibodies revealed that the MreB-msfGFPSW fusion protein is relatively stable and the negligible amount of what might be free GFP is the same in wild-type and secA51 cells grown at the restrictive 42°C temperature S2 Fig.Other plasmids used were pDsRed2-N1 for expression of variant Discosoma red fluorescent protein DsRed2 and pEGFP-C1 for expression of eGFP both BD Biosciences Clontech. Sequencing Cogenics was performed to confirm the absence of PCR errors.The non-CEA genes flanking the CEA genes are shown in dark red. The CEA protein encoding genes are shown as filled arrowheads  , and the CEA pseudogenes are indicated by open arrowheads.A SDS-PAGE of two-fold serially diluted cell lysate. A red rectangle marks the area of a 50-kDa protein  , corresponding to enolase  , used as a loading control of Western blot analysis.The different domains apical  , intermediate and equatorial are identified in the cartoon representing the linear GroEL sequence in red  , green and yellow colours  , respectively. In this case study we have used the heat-shock protein GroEL  , which functional domains are well characterised.Pathways and CNS functions are in bold letters. Red edges denote protein-protein interactions  , black edges denote gene-pathway associations  , blue edges denote gene-CNS function associations  , and gray edges denote pathway-pathway or pathway-CNS function associations.To compare this finding with the previous one  , the reported vector pCAMBIA1301-Pro35S:EG1-GFP 54 was also examined in our transient system and a similar localization was detected S5 Fig. To examine the subcellular localization of EG1 in vivo  , two different EG1 and GFP fusion proteins driven by 35S promoter were first expressed in rice protoplasts and were found to be co-localized with both mitochondrial specific dye Mito Tracker Red and mitochondrial maker protein MTS-mOrange 60 but hardly with chloroplast auto-fluorescence  , and an EG1-GFP fusion protein driven by native promoter was also detected in mitochondria Fig 4A and 4B  , suggesting that EG1 protein is mainly  , if not all  , localized in mitochondria.In addition  , we avoided the large tubulin features present at approximately 50 kDa arrow  , Figure 1B. To minimise the likelihood of identifying posttranslationally modified forms of the same protein  , we avoided cutting more than one spot from a cluster in the same region of the gel; one phosphorylation usually induces a pI shift of 0.2 units of pH towards the acidic end of the gel with almost no detectable change of molecular weight e.g.  , red box  , Figure 1B.Genomic features: V2 = movement protein gene; V1 = coat protein gene; SIR = short intergenic region; C1/C2 = replication-associated protein gene; C1 = repA gene; LIR = long intergenic region. The red and blue horizontal bars indicate  , respectively  , the approximate regions of prominent recombination hot-spots and cold-spots identified in wild-type MSV 13.The following antibodies were used for immunostainings: Guinea Pig anti-Coilin green; rabbit anti-Fibrillarin red; and the DNA binding dye Draq5 blue. To detect protein on Western blots  , rabbit anti-Coilin  , rabbit anti-Fibrillarin  , and mouse anti-Actin antibodies were used.The box plot shows the population-level expression distribution of BRAF  , an interacting protein with EGFR  , and where the specific case with EGFR amplification sits on that distribution red 'x'. Examples of the overrepresented pathways by Reactome FI plug-in for Cytoscape  , FDR < 0.001 from the list of genes showing outlying expression associated with the EGFR amplification are depicted at the bottom.Ancestral apicomplexa are thought to have appeared during the transition from the Neoproterozoic to the Paleozoic era  , a time when nematodes and arthropods were extant  , providing a possible source for transfer of Set8  , cytoadhesion protein/invasion proteins and enzymes involved in O-linked glycosylation red arrow. The evolution of alveolates is shown  , with approximate times million years ago of major branching events denoted in gray type.Genes expressed in other classes of neurons unc-25  , GAD  , GABAergic neurons or other tissues myo-2  , pharyngeal muscle myosin; unc-22  , body wall muscle structural protein are depleted green relative to the reference profile. The known A-class genes unc-4 homeodomain  , A-class neurons  , unc-3 O/E transcription factor  , cholinergic VNC motor neurons  , and unc-17 VAChT  , cholinergic neurons are enriched red in 47-DMM3.To test this hypothesis  , we synthesized a peptide hereafter IRIS peptide consisting of the BRCA1-IRIS intron 11 peptide red sequence in Figure 2C fused to a cell/nuclear penetrating signal at the N-terminus black sequence in Figure 2C. Taken together  , these data support our hypothesis that IRIS peptide acts as a dominant negative in TNBC cells suppressing BRCA1-IRIS oncognecity by destabilization of the protein Figure 2B.Arrows represent ATRIP aggregates. G Chromatin spreads were immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and DNA damage response protein ATRIP green.Overlays of the fluorescence signals GFP and Nile Red over the DIC images blue background are also shown. The GFP fusion protein green and the membrane stain red were observed by fluorescence microscopy and cells were observed with DIC microscopy grey.The secondary structures at the amino terminus of the protein are indicated by dark blue shading and the secondary structures at the C-terminus are colored red. 3D protein models of human alpha-skeletal actin A and corresponding actins from fly B  , urochordate C  , branchiostoma D  , plant E and yeast F.The isoform-specific FIGQY sequences are highlighted in red and the PDZ protein-binding motif of Nrg180 isoform is underlined. The position of the common Ig-domains 3 and 4 is indicated.Parasegments are numbered from 8 to 14. Abd-B protein expression red  , top row  , Engrailed green  , middle row  , and plot profiles of relative fluorescence intensity in the respective images from the upper panels  , red lines for Abd-B and green lines for En bottom row.In all cases  , the SLC10A4 protein showed a vesicle-like expression pattern within the perikarya and along the neurite-like cellular protrusions. The SLC10A4 protein was detected with the anti-Slc10a4 1338 C antibody 1:1 ,000 and the Cy3-labelled anti-rabbit secondary antibody 1:800  , red fluorescence and nuclei were stained with DAPI blue fluorescence.Species in the Onygenales order of Ascomycetes are highlighted in red Hc strains or purple all other Onygenales species and the previously characterized C. fulvum knottin protein  , Avr9  , is highlighted in blue. An abbreviated phylogenetic tree of fungal knottin proteins is shown.Dematin binds to spectrin and dynamically regulates red cell membrane mechanical function 34. Dematin is a relatively low abundance actin binding and bundling protein associated with the spectrin—actin junctions of mature erythrocytes.a Averages of normalized residue temperature B-factors for inter-modular residues red and intra-modular residues blue for each protein. Modular flexibility for each protein of the dataset of proteins with conformers.J Chromatin spreads were immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and crossover protein MLH1 green. S2.B. Immunocytochemistry of Oct-4 protein Red before UD and after RA differentiation. A. Real-time PCR result of Oct-4 mRNA level in undifferentiated UD and differentiated RA treated P19 cells.We observe that the protein density is arranged around two stain-accumulated pores in both head-on views of the structure Figure 3D  , red arrows indicating a possible straight conduit running through the length of the helicase. The good agreement between these images is a visual estimation of the quality of the reconstruction.The nine most enriched Pfam domains biggest absolute difference in S. carpocapsae relative to C. elegans are highlighted in red while the eleven most enriched Pfam domains in C. elegans relative to S. carpocapsae are highlighted in gray. b The abundance of Pfam protein family domains in the C. elegans and S. carpocapsae genomes.Profiles were taken along the AP axis and plotted in absolute positions. C Wing imaginal discs left panels of nub>GFP and nub>dally larvae labelled to visualize pMAD protein in red and average pMAD profiles right panels of wing discs expressing GFP red line or Dally blue line in the nubbin domain.The thickness of the arrows marks the amount of protein activity. The blue/red/black arrows depict signalling routes at 22°C  , 28°C  , or that are independent of these temperatures  , respectively.Cytoplasmic dynein is a large multimeric protein complex comprising two heavy chain subunits red that possess microtubule binding and ATPase activity  , two intermediate chains yellow  , two light intermediate chains indigo  , and an assortment of light chains light pink  , green  , orange reviewed in 7. Cytoplasmic dynein transports cargo in the retrograde direction toward the minus ends of microtubules whereas kinesin transports cargo in the anterograde direction toward the plus ends.An ancestral transcript encoding a functional shown by the exclamation mark protein vertical lines indicate an intact open reading frame ORF and with a role as a miRNA decoy mRD has accumulated one or more mutations disabling its ORF red cross on the lineage leading to rodents. a Evolution of rodent-specific pseudogenized bifunctional transcripts.To determine the resolution limit of this fitness assay  , we generated 16 spores from a cross between a strain carrying a wild-type Bub1 allele marked with CaURA3 the URA3 gene from Candida albicans  , which complements the URA3 gene from S. cerevisiae and a query strain containing SGA mating type reporters expressing a green or a red fluorescent protein 8 spores for each cross. Replicate strains can be rapidly created by the SGA cloning strategy see Methods and 20  , S3 Fig.The gene models were made using TARGeT http://target.iplantcollaborative.org/  , with the Zea mays NRPD2/E2a amino acid sequence obtained from the NCBI Protein database AAY45706.1 queried against the Z. mays pseudo-genome. Positions with missing amino acids relative to the query sequence are marked in red.Effect of panobinostat on tumor growth in MDA-MB-231 and BT549 xenograft models. DMSO  , dimethyl sulfoxide; SEM  , standard error of the mean; tRFP  , turbo red fluorescent protein.One goal of this study was the development of a program to characterise the exportomes of the three malaria parasites infecting rodents  , P. yoelii  , P. berghei and P. chabaudi  , and the two malaria parasites infecting primates  , P. vivax and P. knowlesi; this has been used to determine the 'core' exportome of the genus Plasmodium. Identification of a conserved signal mediating protein export from P. falciparum into the host red blood cell has facilitated the systematic identification of the 'exportomes' of malaria parasites.In this model  , AtNUC-L1 might be required for nucleolar localization  , assembly and/or activity of DNA-MT  , MC-BP or DME/ROS1 protein complexes that repress or active rRNA transcription of specific loci in WT plants. AtNUC-L1 binding to the 5′ETS might maintain a suitable gene methylation pattern red bullets to set nucleosome in grey positioning and transcription from the GP.We uncover a spectrum of architectural protein co-localization  , ranging from low blue to high red  , which scales with the strength of TAD border formation. Model illustrating the relationship between protein occupancy at APBSs and observed heterogeneity in TAD border strengths.G Chromatin spreads stained with DAPI blue  , DNA and immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and the meiosis-specific α-kleisin cohesin component REC8 green. F Chromatin spreads stained with DAPI blue  , DNA and immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and the pan-cohesin component SMC3 green.We then cultured tagged PHBECs or hAMSCs in suspension to allow them to form aggregates  , which were then seeded onto nylon meshes coated with a mixture of collagen I and laminin-rich Matrigel Figure 1D. PHBECs and hAMSCs were successfully tagged with nuclear enhanced yellow fluorescent protein VenusNLS or red fluorescent protein DsRed2  , respectively see Additional file 2F.The central bar represents the full complement of annotated Ac genes exhibiting a best BLASTP hit respectively against the four kingdoms - Eukaryota blue  , Bacteria red  , Archaea green and viruses purple - with orphan genes depicted in yellow. For each protein  , the best BLASTP hit to the non-redundant database  , that is  , the match with the lowest e-value  , was recovered and the classification of the corresponding organism was extracted according to NCBI taxonomy.Among all interactions obtained only one exhibited an in-frame protein coding sequence that showed homology to the ABA STRESS RIPENING-INDUCED 1 ASR1 protein Fig 10B. Breaker  , Orange and Red.Thus  , residues under recurrent positive selection fall on the protein surface  , and mutations at these sites are not predicted to directly affect catalytic activity. All four E330  , S381  , R441  , and R484 map to the outer surface of the three-dimensional structure red balls in Figure 3  , with none of the sites being found within the enzyme active site.Use of MW005 permits researchers to perform both lambda Red-mediated recombineering and subsequent copy-number induction of recombinant DNAs  , if these are equipped with oriV  , in a single host thereby negating the requirement for additional clone isolation and transformation steps. We have described the construction of a new E. coli strain  , MW005  , retrofitted with a PBAD-driven copy of trfA encoding the trans-activating replication protein TrfA.Red indicates epithelium and green indicates stroma. We then performed machine learning-based epithelial-stromal segmentation followed by quantitation of protein expression in the epithelium and stroma.VAs do not express these receptors and project ventrally directed axons. DA axons are steered dorsally by interaction of the repulsive cue UNC-6 netrin with receptors  , UNC-40 DCC and UNC-5  , and the CLR-1 receptor tyrosine phosphatase 90 ,91.One of the P4 P-type ATPase-specific consensus domains harbors the residue that is changed in the qm179 allele alanine 665 to threonine. TAT-2 is a membrane protein with 8 predicted transmembrane domains red and several consensus domains for all classes of P-type ATPases blue or specific for the P4 P-type ATPase green.To validate whether these ribosomal profiling data corresponded to levels of protein accumulation  , we expressed GFP under the control of the MS95 longer leader transcript promoter and leader region MS95p in Hc cells and examined GFP protein production at 37°C and RT. Specifically  , a subset of yeast-phase longer leader transcripts were transcriptionally and translationally repressed in yeast cells  , yet were robustly transcribed and translated in hyphae - red box.The human breast cancer cell lines used in this study MCF7  , T47D  , MDA-MB-231  , and MDA-MB-468 were purchased from the American Type Culture Collection and cultured in Dulbecco's modified Eagle's medium without phenol red Invitrogen  , 10% charcoal-resin-treated fetal bovine serum Hyclone  , and 40 μg/ml gentamicin Invitrogen in a humidified atmosphere of 5% CO2 at 37°C. To determine whether survival signals in this model system were mediated by protein kinases or second messengers  , cultures were treated individually with 10 μM PD98059 MEK inhibitor; Alexis Biochemicals  , 5 μM SB203580 p38 inhibitor; Alexis Biochemicals  , 5 μM SP600125 Jnk inhibitor; Calbiochem  , 10 μM SH5 Akt inhibitor  , Alexis Biochemicals  , 1 μM Go6976 PKC inhibitor; Alexis Biochemicals  , 10 μM LY294002 phosphoinositide 3-kinase inhibitor; Alexis Biochemicals  , or 1 μM U73122 phospholipase Cγ inhibitor; Alexis Biochemicals for 8 hours before addition of other compounds.Red triangles indicate chromosome ends that appear unpaired due to break-induced replication BIR. Each dot is a protein-coding gene purple: A-genes; green  , B-genes.B The predicted secondary structure of the CHASE domain with the amino acid substitutions tested in the cytokinin binding assay marked in red. A The domain structure of the full-length protein and different truncated versions of CRE1/AHK4 used in this study.Panobinostat increases CDH1 expression in MDA-MB-231 primary tumors. tRFP  , turbo red fluorescent protein; SCID  , severe combined immunodeficiency.Meiotic prophase stages are indicated across the top; Stag3 spermatocytes and oocytes were deemed to be at a leptotene-like lepto-like stage when SYCP1 was not evident and at a zygotene-like stage zygo-like when SYCP1 colocalized with the SYCP3 signal. Chromatin spreads from A purified testicular germ cells of Stag3 and Stag3 mice aged 16 dpp and B embryonic ovarian germ cells of Stag3 and Stag3 mice aged 16.5 days post coitum were stained with DAPI blue  , DNA and immunolabeled using antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and the transverse filament of the central region of the SC SYCP1 green.The red  , cyan  , and yellow fluorescent protein markers were excised by digesting 3xP3DsRed1  , 3xP3ECFP  , and 3xP3EYFY with BglII and BsaI and each was individually subcloned into the BamHI and BsaI sites of pDIE1-TOPO.3 to produce pDIE1DsRed1-TOPO.3  , pDIE1ECFP-TOPO.3  , and pDIE1EYFP-TOPO.3  , respectively. 2B.The presence of tumor cells in the lungs was visualized by hematoxylin and eosin H&E staining of formalin-fixed lung sections 10 μM and quantified by ImageJ software lower panel. Metastatic foci of tumor cells expressing red fluorescent protein on the dorsal surface of the left lung lobe were imaged 38 days after tumor cell inoculation upper panel.The HAI endpoint or titer  , the reciprocal of the last dilution of antiserum that completely inhibits hemagglutination  , was determined for each rHA protein using both antisera and compared to the CBER reference HA antigen in Table 5. Specific binding of the antibodies to different antigenic sites in the HA proteins interferes with the ability of the HA protein to agglutinate red blood cells and forms the basis of the HAI assay.In wild-type larvae starvation activates autophagy resulting in the accumulation of Atg8a positive puncta that are predominantly red  , reflecting the accumulation of acidic autolysosomes Fig 4A–4B”. To monitor autophagic flux we expressed GFP-mCherry-Atg8a protein in the fat body of wild-type and wdr24 mutant larvae.The surfaces of both the cover slip and slide were passivated with a mixture of mPEG and biotin-PEG  , allowing for ribozyme immobilization while preventing protein adsorption to the slide surface see Text S2 for description of slide preparation. A diode-pumped solid-state green laser 532 nm; CrystaLaser GCL-100-M and a red laser 637 nm; Coherent  , maximum power 50 mW were directed through a prism at an angle that allows TIR at the surface of the sample channel  , which was constructed from a glass cover slip adhered to a quartz slide with double-sided tape.The BepiPred score is represented as a function of the amino acid position along the protein. B Comparison of pandemic human red vs. swine black predictions.The purple lines indicate predicted TF-target gene interactions dark purple: correlation coefficient more than 0.6; purple: correlation coefficient less than 0.6 but more than 0.3; light purple: correlation coefficient less than 0.3  , and the gray lines indicate protein–protein interactions collected from iRefindex database 6. The smaller circles represent cluster 2 targets of displayed TFs showing evolutionary conserved gray and human-specific expression red during PFC development.The basic protein structure and sequence encoded by the different splice variants is indicated only the protein sequence that differs between the splice variants is color-coded to indicate the relationship with the alternative splicing patterns of the coding exons. Color code of coding exons exons not drawn to scale: exons shared by all variants are colored in dark blue; exons colored in yellow  , light blue  , green  , and red are specific to transcripts CDC14B1  , CDC14B2  , CDC14B3  , and CDC14Bpar  , respectively  , as indicated by the schematic representation of splicing patterns.Red signal = detection of the HOXA13-GFP fusion protein using a GFP antibody denoted as α-GFP. D HOXA13-GFP is expressed throughout the allantois at E8.5.The matching areas flanked by black lines between the most conserved proteins sequences and their corresponding exons are makred in red. Black lines link a particular exon to its translated region of the protein.The nuclei of the somatic niche cells and to a lesser extent  , the undifferentiated anterior germline cells are marked by a living-cell DNA dye Draq5-Cy5  , red. A Centrosomes  , marked by arrowheads  , are visualized by a GFP-tagged pericentrosomal protein Centrosomin GFP-Cnn  , green under the control of germline-specific Nos-Gal4 driver.A Quantifications of Ubx protein levels blue bars and haltere sizes red bars in genotypes with differing numbers of wild type Ubx+ alleles. Quantification of haltere sizes and Ubx levels.The average signal-to-noise ratio was ∼5  , with green laser intensity averaging ∼15 mW measured near the laser aperture. This is because the fraction of ribozyme molecules that are undocked at given time is low in the absence of CYT-19  , whereas a fraction of the protein-bound molecules would be expected to persist in the undocked state during the dead time of 30 s. Fluorescence signals were collected under green laser excitation and then under red laser excitation for colocalization of Cy3 with Cy5.This color-code is also used to delineate the genomic portions of MSV-MatA and MSV-VW used to construct the pair of reciprocal chimaeric MSV genomes used to conduct recombination experiments. The intergenic regions  , the ORFs in the complementary-sense - which encode the replication-associated protein Rep and the replication-associated protein RepA - and the ORFs in the virion-sense - which encode the movement protein MP and the coat protein CP - are colored red in the case of MSV-VW or blue in the case of MSV-MatA.Further analysis in this report showed that AS patterns of SR protein gene transcripts are altered by red light and this effect is reduced in phyB and rrc1 mutants. RRC1 encodes a potential splicing factor with a C-terminal arginine/serine-rich RS domain that is important for phyB signaling.Additionally  , mouse strains with genetic lesions in ciliary proteins lead to cystic kidney disease 9 ,10. Autosomal recessive PKD ARPKD protein fibrocystin and nephronophthisis disease proteins  , nephrocystin and inversin  , are involved in ciliary protein transport 7 ,8.Knockdown of Nrg resulted in a loss of Futsch prior to the disassembly of DvGlut at early stages of synapse retraction. K In wild-type animals the microtubule-associated protein Futsch green and DvGlut red were present in all boutons.b Protein lysates were extracted from the cells shown in a and analyzed by immunoblotting for p27Kip1  , a target of miR-221 and miR-222. Mean ± standard deviation n = 4  , **P < 0.01 when ADAR2 plus miR-221/222 cells red are compared with the ADAR2 dark gray and ADAR2 plus scramble light gray.GFP expression was silenced by treating cells with a 21-nt siRNA targeting nt 238–258 of the EGFP mRNA. Briefly  , GFP and red fluorescent protein RFP were constitutively expressed in cells transfected with reporter plasmids for enhanced GFP EGFP and RFP  , respectively.These cells also carried the Discosoma red fluorescent protein DsRed gene driven by the cytomegalovirus early enhancer/chicken β actin promoter 6 ,7. Mouse 256H18 iPS cells were generated by retroviral transduction of transcriptional factors Kruppel-like factor 4  , octamer 3/4  , and sex-determining region Y-box 2 into mouse tail skin fibroblasts.Differential positions are closer to each other  , indicating clustering of differentially occupied sites. Regions with increased protein occupancy in MCF7 cells are apparent D Empirical cumulative distribution of the distance to the closest differential T-C transition position FDR <0.1 for all T-C transitions exhibiting a significant change red compared to non-differential positions black.Abd-B protein expression red  , top row  , Engrailed green  , middle row  , and plot profiles of relative fluorescence intensity in the respective images from the upper panels  , red lines for Abd-B and green lines for En bottom row. Three representative F8 embryos  , in which the level of Abd-B expression in the CNS is reduced  , are shown.Arrows represent ATR aggregates not associated with SYCP3 stretches. F Chromatin spreads were immunolabeled with antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and DNA damage response protein ATR green.Bottom panel shows the fluorescence images of simultaneous targeting of Oct-4 mRNA red and SSEA-1 protein green in undifferentiated UD RA-treated RA cells. Random beacons only gave very weak signal red.A Spermatocyte chromatin spread preparations of Stag3 control and mutant were immunolabeled using antibodies against the SC lateral element protein SYCP3 red and the transverse filament of the central region of the SC SYCP1 green. Assessment of the Stag3 allele mutants confirms the phenotype described for the Stag3 allele mutants.Distributions of correlation for randomized binary pairs is shown in red. Distribution of transcriptional expression correlations for binary protein interaction pairs in the longevity network is shown in black.Analysis of the GFP signal by confocal fluorescence microscopy revealed that this signal co-localised with the red Chl autofluorescence Figure 3C  , Figure S4  , see Additional file 8  , thus confirming a plastid localisation of RedCAP in diatoms. To verify the predicted location experimentally  , we fused the full-length RedCAP sequence to the green fluorescent protein GFP gene Figure 3B and expressed it in the diatom Phaeodactylum tricornutum.The following day  , the HEK293t cells were co-transfected with the pLEmiR non-silencing turbo red fluorescent protein tRFP vector construct 9 μg and the trans-lentiviral packaging mix and pLEX™ transfer vector using the TransLenti Viral pLEX packaging system  , following the manufacturer's instructions Thermo Scientific  , Waltham  , MA  , USA. HEK293T cells were plated at 5.5 × 106 in a 10 cm dish in 10 ml of 10% DMEM and allowed to adhere overnight.To exclude the possibility that the C-terminal V5 tag was masked and therefore undetectable by Western analysis  , we cloned the Tsx and Xist ORFs lacking stop codons into an expression vector containing an N-terminal HA tag and a C-terminal red fluorescence protein RFP fusion for live-cell detection of potential protein products Figure 1D. Again  , no proteins of predicted size ∼20 kDa were detected for Tsx and Xist in either cell type  , whereas ß-gal was readily detected Figure 1C.Fluorescent confocal microscopy showed that at the plasma membrane of ECs adhering on FN mNrp1-mRFP was enriched in close proximity to  , or even tightly intermingled with  , α5-GFP-containing adhesion sites Figure 4A  , arrows. To understand the spatial and functional relationships between Nrp1 and α5β1 integrin in ECs  , we first generated a monomeric red fluorescent protein mRFP-tagged mNrp1 construct mNrp1-mRFP that was then cotransfected with α5-GFP in ECs.B Red fluorescent protein DsRed expression and cholinergic fibers visualized by immunostaining against the vesicular acetylcholine transporter VAChT parcel out the basolateral amygdala complex into 3 parts: the anterior part of the basal amygdala BAa contains a pronounced DsRed signal and strong VAChT immunoreactivity  , the posterior part of the BA BAp is characterized by low and high levels of DsRed and VAChT expression  , respectively  , and the lateral amygdala LA has low levels of both signals. Scale: 500 μm.A Live image of Foxg1-cherry fusion protein expression red in the animal pole blastoderm in a Tg h2afv:GFPkca66 embryo green at sphere stage shows nuclear arrowhead and cytoplasmic localization of the protein. Foxg1 morpholino knockdown.Primers for genotyping are numbered P1-P5 and are depicted as black arrows. The DM14 and C2 protein domains are marked in green and red  , respectively.Some discrepancies may be expected because of the transient nature of Neurog3 expression and the different onset and decay kinetics of the RFP protein compared to the NEUROG3 protein S1.3 Text. Immunostaining for NEUROG3 and comparison with red fluorescent protein RFP from E14.5 Neurog3-RFP pancreas revealed that 40.1% ± 4.5% of NEUROG3+ cells were co-expressing RFP  , while the remaining NEUROG3+ cells were RFP− S3C ,D Fig.The addition of 100 µM MG132 during protein extraction prevented the degradation of GFP-MED19a in the presence of HA-HaRxL44 and made it possible to confirm the interaction of these proteins in planta  , by co-immunoprecipitation red arrow  , Figure 4D. Indeed  , we showed that inhibition of the proteasome by the addition of 100 µM MG132 for 4 h prevented HaRxL44-induced degradation of GFP-MED19a Figure 4C.The PGRMC1 signal red in Figure 8 could effectively be abrogated by competitive pre-incubation of the antibody with recombinant PGRMC1 protein Figure 8a. This antibody recognized endogenous PGRMC1 in breast cancer tissues Figure 8.A Horizontal section taken from the amygdala region of a transgenic mouse expressing red fluorescent protein under the control of the Cck promoter CCK-DsRed. Data are presented as mean ± SEM.Arrows indicate transcription start sites. An endogenous retrovirus ERV  , such as mouse intracisternal A-type particle IAP and Mus type-D related retrovirus MusD  , lacks an Env protein but encodes functional Gag and Pol proteins flanked by a LTR at the 5′ black box and 3′ red box ends.B Western blot using the M2 anti-FLAG antibody to probe the relative amounts of FLAG-ERα or FLAG-ERβ present in 40 μg of total protein extracts prepared from HELN-Fα or HELN-Fβ stable cell lines cultured in 3% DCC in absence of phenol red. A Representation of FLAG-ERα/β proteins showing the amino acid sequence length of ERα and ERβ  , as well as their different domains  , and the position of the FLAG tag.Nuclear DNA is marked by DAPI staining blue A cic-HA overexpressing midgut. HA-tagged Cic or CicΔC2 protein was detected by anti-HA antibody red.The overwhelming majority of Mcl1 red was labeled with NEUN-positive neurons green Figure 2A. Antibodies against neuronal nuclei NEUN  , glial fibrillary acidic protein GFAP and OX-42 were used to identify neurons  , astrocytes and microglia/macrophages  , respectively.Non-expressing cells and dilution buffer were used as controls. Protein expressing HF cells were incubated with a suspension of hen red blood cells and hemadsorption was observed under light microscope.