The coding genes represented a diversity of protein families  , including hyaluronidase  , myosin light chain kinase  , hemolysin  , paraspeckle component  , zinc finger  , ADP ribosylation factor GTPase-activating protein  , and palmitoyltransferase Table 2. With one exception described below  , all genes appeared in all three genotypes  , although in some cases the orthologous transcript was under 500bp due to apparent truncation  , and in some cases multiple isoforms of the same transcript were observed for some genotypes but not others S1 Fig.Cells were then separated by differential centrifugation at 90 × g for 2 minutes. Briefly  , bioptic fragments from invasive mammary ductal carcinoma patients undergoing mastectomy were cut into small pieces 1 to 2 mm diameter  , placed in digestion solution 400 IU collagenase  , 100 IU hyaluronidase and 10% FBS  , containing antibiotics and antimycotics solution and incubated overnight at 37 °C.Three-month old tumors were minced  , rotated with collagenase  , DNAse and hyaluronidase followed by red blood cell lysis. Briefly  , wild-type T47Dco cells in Matrigel were injected into cleared mammary fat pads of pre-pubertal ovariectomized ovx’d NOD SCIDγ NSG mice NCI  , Frederick  , MD  , USA or Jackson Laboratories  , Bar Harbor  , ME  , USA and implanted with cellulose E withdrawn  , EWD  , 2 μg 17β-estradiol E  , or E + 8 μg progesterone E + P-containing pellets 13.The cumulus cells were removed from the oocytes by incubating the cumulus masses in M2 containing 1% hyaluronidase. Mouse oocytes and 2-cell embryos were collected from superovulated CD1 female mice into M2 media.Following disruption with scalpels  , tissue homogenates were incubated at 37°C in digestion buffer Ham's F12/DMEM  , 2 mg/mL collagenase A Roche  , Indianapolis  , IN  , USA  , 100 U/ml hyaluronidase Sigma-Aldrich  , St. Louis  , MO USA. Mammary glands were harvested and weighed.Other coding genes showed low or no similarity to any characterized sequence. The coding genes represented a diversity of protein families  , including hyaluronidase  , myosin light chain kinase  , hemolysin  , paraspeckle component  , zinc finger  , ADP ribosylation factor GTPase-activating protein  , and palmitoyltransferase Table 2.They were then grouped with the 2-cell embryos in 50 µl microdrops of M-199M media  , each group contains twelve oocytes and three 2-cell embryos  , and put into the 37°C  , 5% CO2 incubator until required. The cumulus free oocytes were washed through several drops of M-199M M199 media supplemented with 4% BSA and 30 µg/ml of sodium pyruvate to remove any loose cumulus cells and any hyaluronidase media.Briefly  , bioptic fragments from invasive mammary ductal carcinoma patients undergoing mastectomy were cut into small pieces 1 to 2 mm diameter  , placed in digestion solution 400 IU collagenase  , 100 IU hyaluronidase and 10% FBS  , containing antibiotics and antimycotics solution and incubated overnight at 37 °C. CAFs were isolated  , cultivated and characterized as previously described 18.Cells were washed twice with media  , plated  , and grown until approximately 50% confluence. Prostate tissue was cut into 1 to 2 mm3 pieces and treated with collagenase type I 225 units/ml; Sigma and hyaluronidase 125 units/ml; Sigma in RPMI 1640 with 10% fetal calf serum overnight at 37°C.