Priming is thought to involve formation of SNARE complexes between synaptobrevin  , syntaxin  , and SNAP-25  , which bring the vesicle membrane into close apposition with the plasma membrane 
5 ,
23. Specifically  , phenotypic analysis of
C. elegans tom-1 mutants supports the hypothesis that tomosyn acts as a negative regulator of synaptic vesicle priming in vivo.The position of complexes  , syntaxin  , SNAP-25  , and
C. elegans synaptobrevin which migrates just above the dye front are labeled on the gel. One aliquot of each sample was loaded without heating rt  , and the other was heated to 95 °C for 5 min b prior to loading.For example  , the Z-linked testis-associated genes  , DMRT1 and HEMOGEN  , are more highly expressed in the gonads compared to the blastoderms. Many Z- and W- linked genes showed different average expression levels between tissues Figure 1D  , and therefore while female: male ratios may not differ  , changes in total expression levels may play a role in each tissue.Like vertebrate tomosyn 
10  , we demonstrate that the C-terminal of
C. elegans TOM-1 also has the ability to form a complex with the SNARE domains of syntaxin and SNAP-25  , suggesting this is a conserved tomosyn interaction. Priming is thought to involve formation of SNARE complexes between synaptobrevin  , syntaxin  , and SNAP-25  , which bring the vesicle membrane into close apposition with the plasma membrane 
5 ,
23.Finally  , the R. felis chromosome encodes a protein RF0020 similar to competence protein ComE3  , a protein RF0964 similar to the F-pilin acetylation protein TraX  , and a split gene RF0705/RF0706 homologous to the P-pilus assembly protein FimD. TraC initiates the replication of transferred DNA strands in the recipient cells.The four CDSs encode DTDP-4-dehydrorhamnose reductase  , glucose-1-phosphate thymidylyltransferase  , DTDP-4-dehydrorhamnose 3 ,5-epimerase and DTDP-glucose 4 ,6-dehydratase. Four 027 unique genes upstream of the flagella F1 region CDR20291_0223-0226 and CD196_0236-0239 that are absent in 630 may be involved in virulence.miRNA microarray expression analysis was performed as previously described 47. RNA 5 μg was labeled with T4-RNA ligase and precipitated with 0.3 M sodium acetate  , 2 volumes ethanol  , and re-suspended in water.Therefore it is possible that additional Z-linked genes may play a role in sexual differentiation in different tissues through changes in their relative expression. For example  , the Z-linked testis-associated genes  , DMRT1 and HEMOGEN  , are more highly expressed in the gonads compared to the blastoderms.However  , a potential role for the W sex chromosome in avian sex determination cannot yet be excluded. Consistent with the latter  , the Z-linked DMRT1 and HEMOGEN genes are involved in testis development in the chicken embryo 9 ,10.In conclusion  , the presence of those putative conjugative transfer genes suggests that the R. felis plasmids have been acquired by conjugation and that R. felis may still retain the capacity of transferring plasmids. Finally  , the R. felis chromosome encodes a protein RF0020 similar to competence protein ComE3  , a protein RF0964 similar to the F-pilin acetylation protein TraX  , and a split gene RF0705/RF0706 homologous to the P-pilus assembly protein FimD.A conserved 5′ adaptor was added using truncated T4 RNA Ligase 2. Briefly  , small RNA samples were adaptor ligated with one of four different 3′ adaptors using T4 RNA Ligase 2 NEB to allow multiplex sequencing of Zcchc11+/+ and Zcchc11−/− samples.Consistent with the latter  , the Z-linked DMRT1 and HEMOGEN genes are involved in testis development in the chicken embryo 9 ,10. Sex determination may involve a dominant-acting female determinant carried on the female-specific W chromosome  , or a Z dosage-based mechanism could prevail 8.Samples were gel extracted on a 10% TBE-Urea gel to remove adaptor only ligation products. A conserved 5′ adaptor was added using truncated T4 RNA Ligase 2.RNA 5 μg was labeled with T4-RNA ligase and precipitated with 0.3 M sodium acetate  , 2 volumes ethanol  , and re-suspended in water. Tissue disruption by Dounce homogenization was followed by total RNA isolation with TRIZOL™ reagent Invitrogen  , Carlsbad  , California  , USA.