In Merlin we employ a patiicular extension of abstract syntax graphs which are now described in detail. lW&l  , but these approaches are compilative approaches and they do not support therequirement for changes on the fly as well automatically storage of changes.No published data show any correlation between PCYT1A expression levels and patient response to cisplatin-based chemotherapy. The functionality of this protein is actively regulated by a rapid translocation between a cytoplasmic soluble form that is inactive and a nuclear membrane-associated form that is activated
27.With regard to non-coding genes  , we identified 207 microRNAs  , 870 tRNAs  , 268 small nuclear RNAs  , and 386 rRNA fragments from the assembly Table S11 in Additional file 1. Of those  , 23 ,635 87.1% were supported by unigenes or protein similarity  , with only 12.9% derived solely from ab initio gene predictions Table S9 in Additional file 1.Indeed  , loss of AID’s C-terminal nuclear export signal  , a mutation observed in immunodeficiency patients  , leads to rapid degradation of the protein as it cannot be translocated back to the cytosol. The key mechanism regulating AID abundance is through nuclear degradation and  , in order to balance this  , AID is rapidly exported to the cytoplasm where it resides as part of a stable complex 6.Analysis of the cytoplasmic RRM2 protein indicated that the fractionation process was correct Figure 6b  , lower panel. When the experiment was performed with the ubiquitin fusion protein associated with the Tat PTD  , the protein was seen only in the membrane fraction and no signal was seen in the cytoplasmic and nuclear fractions Figure 6b  , upper panel.Total nuclear extracts were also run as controls. The amounts of GATA3 protein in the precipitates were assessed by immunoblotting with anti-GATA3 mAb.Thus  , the alternative splicing mechanism in PTC7 is conserved between Saccharomyces and Zygosaccharomyces. It has previously been shown that alternative splicing of a similar in-frame intron in S. cerevisiae PTC7 leads to the translation of a mitochondrial protein isoform from the spliced mRNA and a nuclear envelope protein isoform from the unspliced mRNA and that the intronic region codes for a transmembrane domain of the protein 72.The negative RTK regulator  , Spry1  , which suppresses MAPK activity  , and chemokine receptor Cxcr4  , which is involved in migration in several cell types 51 were the only genes examined whose expression was reduced in dko UB epithelium. This is opposite to the requirement of tyrosine phosphatase Shp2  , which appears to regulate Etv4 and -5
12.In order to compare the phylogeny of strains obtained with the concatenated mt protein-coding sequences to that of the nuclear genome  , 50 genes supplementary table S2  , Supplementary Material online were randomly selected for the construction of an additional phylogenetic tree fig. It is essential to also utilize nuclear sequence data in order to clarify relationships within strains and between species.Ccxwerning database support  , the MARVEL system uses a special purpose adaption of the UNIX directory structure cf. Accessing finqqained information via path names is tedious and inefficient compared to an associative query access like " AU facts with time stamp 11/05/92 " which is provided by the Merlin data base.Beyond the co-expression of T-bet and GATA-3 and the co-production of IFN-γ and IL-4  , the hybrid cells exhibited intermediate expression levels of the Th1-associated cytokine receptor IL-18Rα 56 as well as of the Th2-associated chemokine receptor CCR4 53 but they failed to express the Th17-associated chemokine receptor CCR6 Figure 2D. The frequency of IFN-γ producers was about halved in hybrid Th1/2 cells compared to Th1 cells  , while the frequencies of IL-4  , IL-13  , and IL-10 producers were similar to those in Th2 cells Figure 2C.For that purpose  , the main criteria were  , in first priority  , the existence of information in curated databases for the K. lactis genes and  , in second priority  , the existence of curated S. cerevisiae homologues. Despite using merlin  , all of the Kluyveromyces lactis functional EEGC’s automatic assignments were reviewed according to the schema depicted in Figure
3  , so that the minimum number of false positives would be included in this annotation.Our data suggest that chemo-residual tumor cells may support cap-independent translation  , driving expression of nuclear bFGF and DNA repair. Notably  , we observed increased protein levels of nuclear but not cytosolic bFGF isoforms in chemo-residual tumor cells.In eutheria  , mRNA retroduplication is carried out by two long interspersed nuclear element 1 LINE1 L1 proteins: one protein that exhibits reverse-transcriptase Mathias et al. Therefore  , the term mRNA retrocopy or simply retrocopy is a general term that comprises processed pseudogenes and retrogenes.Galectins are proteins that bind to β-galactoside-containing glycoconjugates Barondes et al. One of the best studied of the galectins is the prototype F3 CRD galectin  , known as Galectin-1 Gal-1/L-14-1; the gene encoding Gal-1 is known as LGALS1.INM and nuclear lamina proteins also interact with chromatin 2. In the INM of higher eukaryotes  , membrane proteins interact with the nuclear lamina  , a protein meshwork of intermediate filaments that serves as a scaffold to maintain the morphology of the nucleus.Nuclear FOXO3a levels were measure by immunoblotting. For nuclear FOXO analysis  , nuclear protein fractions were collected four hours post ETP-45658 or PI-103 treatment.Spliceosome assembly is a highly coordinated process characterized by a dynamic RNA-protein network. In both constitutive and alternative splicing  , intron removal is catalyzed by the spliceosome  , a macromolecular RNA-protein complex that comprises five small nuclear ribonucleoprotein particles snRNPs and numerous non-snRNP proteins 3.Also interesting is that three out of eight mutants specifically resistant to nickel but unrelated to vesicular traffic; Additional data file 7 are deleted in genes encoding distinct chromatin modification enzymes HDA1  , EAF7  , and SPT7 and one is deleted in a Ran homolog of the Ras GTPase family MOG1 that is involved in protein traffic through the nuclear pore. It is interesting to note in this regard that the nuclear pore complex is one of the few core subnetworks enriched in nickel-specific sensitive mutants.Posttranslational modifications  , including protein phosphorylation 31  , have been found to take place extensively at the yeast SPB  , but irreversible protein cleavage at the half-bridge was not known previously. Mps3 localizes to the inner nuclear membrane and to the nuclear side of the SPB half-bridge to mediate SPB cohesion  , and its cleavage at the N-terminal domain plays a role in meiotic SPB separation.Mammalian photoreceptor cells are postmitotic and are not replaced over the lifespan of the animal; they are identified by their position within the outer nuclear layer of the retina and by expression of the calcium-binding protein recoverin 19. The stability of H2BGFP can be most easily assessed in postmitotic cells  , where any loss of fluorescence with time can only be explained by degradation of the H2BGFP protein.RFP fused to a nuclear localization signal was co-transformed as a marker for transformation efficiency and nuclei. An unrelated protein YFPN-NOT1 and YFPC were used as negative controls.In traditional rule implementations the database has to be accessed for every rule until the corresponding rule is found. To select the corresponding rule head for the current rule call Merlin performs at most 3 accesses to the database.For example  , the Transcription Export TREX complex promotes the nuclear export of fully processed transcripts 4. During the act of splicing  , several different protein complexes are deposited onto mRNA.In addition  , the initial purification of the crude nuclear fraction showed an enrichment of the 62–70 kDa Jacob bands in the nuclear matrix D. C. Dieterich and M. R. Kreutz  , unpublished data. Moreover  , the Jacob-containing protein complexes immunopurified from euchromatin also contained significant amounts of DNA Figure 3D.Overall  , these data reveal that FRY2 is essential for the recruitment of HOS5 to nuclear speckles and presumably this will also affect HOS5's role in pre-mRNA processing. Only in 21% of the protoplast cells of the fry2-1 mutant was the HOS5 protein correctly localized in nuclear speckles.When Merlin is started by giving a user identification  , the following rule is always executed at firsti execute_job:- CHECK_IDENTIFICATIONIdent   , select_roleIdent. As an example  , let us describe the rules executed for a programmers session in Merlin.Therefore  , the nuclear localization signal sequence in the N-terminus of the hypothetical protein containing the DNA ligase domain H  , as predicted the CELLO program Data not shown 35  , must be functional. However  , in the control cells  , a strong green fluorescence was emitted only from the cytoplasm  , even after 1 h Figure 6.The textbook description of nuclear-encoded mitochondrial genes has translation of these genes occurring within the general pool of cytoplasmic proteins  , with subsequent protein localization due solely to the mitochondrial targeting peptide sequence. The question of biological role is particularly intriguing in the case of nuclear-encoded mitochondrial genes.Only a few previous molecular studies on cyprinids have yielded a nuclear phylogeny of Circum-Mediterranean representatives of the subfamily Leuciscinae. Here we complete the mitochondrial phylogeny of the subfamily Leuciscinae using nuclear information by analyzing the Recombination Activating Gene 1 RAG-1 and the Ribosomal Protein Gene S7 S7.The long region of LD at chromosome 4q27 contains several genes 46: Testis nuclear RNA-binding protein TENR  , a gene encoding a protein of unknown function KIAA1109  , and genes encoding the interleukin-2 IL2 and interleukin-21 IL21 cytokines. However  , the locus identified here may contribute in part to the previous observations of linkage.C Mutation in the nuclear gene encoding the mitochondrial MRPS34 protein leads to its decreased abundance. B The mutation was confirmed by Sanger sequencing of PCR amplicons from Mrps34
 and littermate matched Mrps34
 mice.In the next section we give a brief example of the Merlin user interface. Section 7 gives an overview about related work and section 8 outlines current and future work.In order to address this question  , we performed analysis of PARP1-DsRed protein nuclear dynamics from the perspective of Drosophila development. It is then important to ask which signals drive PARP1 protein activation and resultant relocation.The result strongly implied that HCLMBP-2 may be a member of the NF-κB protein family. In the present study  , we identified Har-CL promoter region which has an NF-κB homolog-binding site  , and the nuclear extract protein HCLMBP-2 could bind to the NF-κB-binding site.The deletion of the LoxP-flanked exons 20–21 in the Dicer locus was induced by transducing NPCs with the HTN-Cre protein  , a recombinant fusion protein able to cross the cell and nuclear membrane 28. To study RNAi machinery function in mouse adult neural stem cells we isolated neural progenitor cells NPCs from the SVZ of 8 weeks old Dicer cKO Dicer mice 27.Association analysis on the imputed genotype probabilities was performed using Merlin 33. After filtering  , 6 ,005 ,138 SNPs remained for further analysis.Further  , we included the nuclear protein-coding gene Histone 3 with an expected mutation rate intermediate between COI and the 28S rDNA fragment D3-D5 loop. The D3-D5 loop of 28S rDNA is a useful species marker for soil-living animals 45 but also exhibits intra-individual variance in Collembola 46  , 47.Our analysis showed that the zinc finger protein 161 and the ELG-protein are exclusively localized in the nucleus Figure 4p  , q. The splicing factor SRP40 was used as a control for nuclear localization Figure 4c.The main assistance which Merlin provides ita users  , is to display all software objects  , their dependencies to other software objects and the activities to be performed on all these objects in a so called working context. For example  , a module to be programmed is edited by a language sensitive editor or a module to be tested is executed by a debugger.Figure 2 presents Ku70  , Ku80 AP-2α  , AP-2γ  , and p185-erbB2 protein levels in the cytoplasmic and the nuclear fractions of breast cancer BT-474  , SKBR3  , ZR-75.1  , MCF-7  , MDA-MB-231  , colon cancer HCT-116 and hepatoma HepG2 cell lines. In comparison  , AP-2α and AP-2γ factors were detected only in the nuclear fraction of BT-474  , SKBR3 and ZR-75.1 breast cancer cells that overexpress p185-erbB2 protein.These findings support the notion that removal of the N-terminal domain from Mps3 promotes SPB separation. Because the Mps3Δ1–93 protein lacked the cleavage site  , N-terminal GFP tagged Mps3Δ1–93 was found at the SPB and the nuclear membranes at the end of meiosis Fig 5C.Mutations that inhibit the nuclear localization of Tlo protein in C. albicans strongly reduce its virulence in a murine systemic infection model. Nuclear localization of the CdTlo2 TAD  , facilitated naturally by the Mediator association domain or artificially through a nuclear localization signal  , is sufficient for the C. dubliniensis Tlo overexpression phenotypes.Increased nuclear levels of A2BP1 might facilitate adaptive alterations of pre-mRNA splicing of A2BP1 target transcripts that affect cocaine responses. Our observation of nuclear translocation of A2BP1 after repeated cocaine exposure suggests a robust role of A2BP1 in alternative splicing even though there is no change in total cellular levels of the protein.This nucleus relocation is consistent with previous findings from cultured neurons that depolarization induces nuclear migration of A2BP1  , which increases the splicing of A2BP1 target genes
60. However  , chronic cocaine induced a >2.5-fold increase in A2BP1 protein levels in nuclear lysates Figure 
2C.Immunocomplexes were incubated with Protein G-conjugated magnetic beads Dynal; Invitrogen for 2 h at 4°C. Nuclear proteins were incubated with 3 µg of specific antibody overnight at 4°C.GFP-Mps3-nc first localized to the SPB  , and then accumulated at the nuclear periphery  , forming protein aggregates in large budded cells arrows. Note that SPBs failed to separate or misseparated in cells with GFP-Mps3-nc.Unlike the nuclear PAPs  , in which one protein contains both catalytic activity and an RNA-binding domain  , the new class relies on two or more protein subunits to carry out these tasks. Just three years ago  , a new class of PAPs was discovered that belong to the Trf4/5 family of yeast proteins and are found in the cytoplasm  , rather than the nucleus  , of the cell.Representative images of ddaEs labeled with antibodies against Kn top and RedStinger bottom in “OE Kn+Wnd” and “OE Kn+WndKD” using Gal4. C Wnd kinase specifically down-regulates the expression of UAS-Kn  , but not UAS-RedStinger a nuclear red fluorescent protein 66 in a posttranscriptional manner.In conclusion  , the nuclear localization of four out of five uncharacterized proteins analyzed suggests that they act as direct regulators of Ath5. The NHL-domain protein is excluded from the nucleus and accumulates in a perinuclear compartment  , which resembles the Golgi apparatus Figure 4r.Additional evidence that Jab1 is a key gene in breast cancer progression comes from the recent finding that it is a downstream target for Her2 23. c-Jun activation domain-binding protein-1 Jab1 is a multifunctional signaling protein and is a target of S100A7 that can mediate many of its biological effects  , including induction of nuclear factor-kappa B NF-κB and promotion of cell survival 21 ,22.The PROLOG backward chaining combined with backtracking wMch is btilt into the inference engine  , allows to describe the information retrieval algorithm necessary to construct a working context in a highly condensed way  , Information retrieval means to check a usually large number of highly nested preconditions which depend on each other and basically define certain object states as the preconditions to perform certain activities. CM84 which we exploit in Merlin as well  , avoids to specify a lot of exwution control constraints.SynCAM-1  , Neuropilin-2  , chemokine receptor CCR7 and E-selectin ligand-1 68–71. Recently it was found that other cell surface proteins as NCAM can be polysialylated i.e.The protein content was quantified using the Bio-Rad protein assay. For nuclear extracts  , the soluble proteins in the lysate were separated by centrifugation.However  , nuclear VcMid-BH was not detected during early stages of sexual male embryogenesis prior to androgonidia cleavage Figure S7. Using immunofluorescence IF a nuclear-localized signal was detected for VcMid-BH protein in cleaving androgonidia and in mature sperm packets Figures 3B–3J  , S5A–S5R  , and S6C–S6H  , a result similar to earlier findings of Mid protein localization in sperm nuclei of Pleodorina
21.Phosphorylation of eIF2α  , in turn  , results in a broad  , but selective decrease in protein translation  , reducing the protein load in the ER  , but also allowing selective translation of transcripts that contain alternative upstream open reading frames uORFs  , including the transcription factor ATF4. PERK further phosphorylates and activates Nrf2 nuclear factor-erythroid-derived 2 NF-E2-related factor 2  , a central regulator of anti-oxidant gene expression 23 ,24.The conserved BoxA  , BoxB and BoxC domains as well as the nuclear hormone receptor interaction residues LxxLL are indicated. A Schematic representation of the full length BTG1 protein and deletion mutant BTG1-Trunc  , which mimics the common deletion variant observed in BCP-ALL harboring monoallelic BTG1 deletions.However  , the mechanisms through which these additional factors influence Pol-IV and Pol-V targeting and/or activity awaits further investigation. The first  , termed RNA-DIRECTED DNA METHYLATION 4 RDM4/DEFECTIVE IN MERISTEM SILENCING 4 DMS4  , is a protein similar to the yeast protein termed Interacts with Pol II 1 Iwr1 21  , 22  , and the second  , termed NUCLEAR RNA POLYMERASE B2 NRPB2  , is a Pol II specific subunit 23.10-μl bed volume of sepharose-protein A beads was added to the tubes and incubated rotating for an additional 1 h at 4 °C. 0.5 μg of anti-GFP antibody was added to the nuclear lysate and the mixture was incubated overnight on a rotating wheel at 4 °C.In order to better understand the function of cohesin in DSB repair  , we thus performed ChIPs against various human cohesin subunits before and after break induction. Treatment with hydroxytamoxifen 4OHT triggers nuclear localisation of the enzyme and induces DSBs at defined genomic loci  , enabling ChIP analyses of protein recruitment at DSBs 10.Using the newly developed tools  , we firmly establish that the host-encoded protein ETP1 is specifically targeted to the endosymbiont of A. deanei. This raises the speculative possibility that ETP1 and/or other nuclear-encoded proteins targeted to the endosymbiont might play a role in controlling its cell cycle.As AID is actively exported from the nucleus  , this signal was likely to derive from protein that had been exported in G1 phase and re-entered in S phase and escaped proteolysis long enough to produce a signal. A nuclear AID-mCherry-CDT1 signal was evident in both G1 and S phase cells Fig 4D.In addition  , consistent with the presence of a predicted nuclear localization signal in the Shv protein S2A Fig  , Shv was detected in the nucleus of primary spermatocytes  , but not in shv mutant Fig 2D and S4D Fig. We also noted that despite shv RNA being present in the GSCs  , Shv protein is usually below the level of detection in GSCs.Kv1.3  , a member of the Shaker subfamily of Kv channels  , is particularly well poised to participate in multiple cell signaling pathways given a number of molecular motifs that serve as protein-protein interaction domains in the N and C terminal aspects of the channel protein Fig. As recently reviewed by Kaczmarek 3  , Kv channels may lead a "double life" by possessing non-conducting functions  , which allow them to participate in coupled biochemical reactions or communicate directly with cytoplasmic and nuclear signaling pathways.In contrast  , the phosphorylated forms of SYCP3 appeared at similar levels in both fractions. We found that the phosphorylated forms of HORMAD1  , HORMAD2  , STAG3 and REC8 were preferentially bound to the chromosome  , by comparing the gel mobility of the protein bands in the insoluble fraction to those in the nuclear extracts.Nuclear export could be rescued if an intron was incorporated c-ftz-i. As demonstrated by several groups  , we found that a version of the ftz mRNA that encodes a cytoplasmic protein  , but contains neither an intron nor an SSCR c-ftz-Δi  , was not efficiently exported 6  , 16 Figure 3.Further predictions based on MOM1 protein sequence revealed a putative transmembrane domain  , three putative nuclear localization signals NLS and several repetitive regions 8. The sequence close to the C-terminus of MOM1 shows similarity to an actin-binding domain ABD of chicken tensin 8.Therefore  , we selected the prefrontal cortex for these studies. In contrast  , cortical involvement in HD is well defined 2  , 16 and while it does not experience dramatic neuronal degeneration  , cortical neurons are known to exhibit the effects of protein aggregation and nuclear inclusion bodies characteristic of the disease.Equivalent amounts were immunoblotted with DNA-PKCS and lamin A antibodies. Nuclear protein from chemo-residual cells was extracted.The Merlin system consists of a multithreaded page server and a C ?+ library that provides the client run time system  , including basic components like storage manager and page buffer. The query engine is based on the Merlin client/server storage system Ger96 .Similar to the Th1 and Th2 effector cell lineages  , hybrid Th1/2 cells expressed the transcription factor Blimp-1. Beyond the co-expression of T-bet and GATA-3 and the co-production of IFN-γ and IL-4  , the hybrid cells exhibited intermediate expression levels of the Th1-associated cytokine receptor IL-18Rα 56 as well as of the Th2-associated chemokine receptor CCR4 53 but they failed to express the Th17-associated chemokine receptor CCR6 Figure 2D.Despite this promise  , nuclear transformed transgenic plants often yield relatively low levels of recombinant protein. 3 ,4.The species in the family Iridoviridae are: Invertebrate iridescent virus 6 IIV_6  , NC_003038 in genus Iridovirus; Lymphocystis disease virus - isolate China LCDV_IC  , NC_005902 and Lymphocystis disease virus 1 LCDV_1  , NC_001824 in genus Lymphocystivirus; Infectious spleen and kidney necrosis virus ISaKNV  , NC_003494 in genus Megalocytivirus; Frog virus 3 FV_3  , NC_005946  , Regina ranavirus ATV  , NC_005832 and Singapore grouper iridovirus SiGV  , NC_006549 in genus Ranavirus. The species in the family Herpesviridae are: Gallid herpesvirus 1 GaHV_1  , NC_006623 in genus Iltovirus; Gallid herpesvirus 2 GaHV_2  , NC_002229  , Gallid herpesvirus 3 GaHV_3  , NC_002577 and Meleagrid herpesvirus 1 MeHV_1  , NC_002641 in genus Mardivirus; Meleagrid herpesvirus 1 MeHV_1  , NC_002641  , Cercopithecine herpesvirus 1 CeHV_1  , NC_004812  , Human herpesvirus 1 HHV_1  , NC_001806  , Human herpesvirus 2 HHV_2  , NC_001798 and Cercopithecine herpesvirus 2 CeHV_2  , NC_006560 in genus Simplexvirus; Bovine herpesvirus 1 BoHV_1  , NC_001847  , Bovine herpesvirus 5 BoHV_5  , NC_005261  , Cercopithecine herpesvirus 9 CHV_7  , NC_002686  , Equid herpesvirus 1 EHV_1  , NC_001491  , Equid herpesvirus 4 EHV_4  , NC_001844  , Suid herpesvirus 1 SuHV_1  , NC_006151 and Human herpesvirus 3 strain Dumas HHV_3  , NC_001348 in genus Varicellovirus; Human herpesvirus 5 strain AD169 HHV5L  , NC_001347  , Human herpesvirus 5 strain Merlin HHV5w  , NC_006273  , Pongine herpesvirus 4 PoHV_4  , NC_003521 and Cercopithecine herpesvirus 8 CeHV_8  , NC_006150 in genus Cytomegalovirus; Murid herpesvirus 1 MuHV_1  , NC_004065 and Murid herpesvirus 2 MuHV_2  , NC_002512 in genus Muromegalovirus; Human herpesvirus 6 HHV_6  , NC_001664  , Human herpesvirus 6B HHV_6B  , NC_000898 and Human herpesvirus 7 HHV_7  , NC_001716 in genus Roseolovirus; Callitrichine herpesvirus 3 CalHV_3  , NC_004367  , Human herpesvirus 4 HHV_4  , NC_009334 and Cercopithecine herpesvirus 15 CeHV_15  , NC_006146 in genus Lymphocryptovirus; Cercopithecine herpesvirus 17 CeHV_17  , NC_003401  , Alcelaphine herpesvirus 1 AIHV_1  , NC_002531  , Bovine herpesvirus 4 BoHV_4  , NC_002665  , Equid herpesvirus 2 EHV_2  , NC_001650  , Human herpesvirus 8 HHV_8  , NC_003409  , Murid herpesvirus 4 MuHV_4  , NC_001826 and Saimiriine herpesvirus 2 SaHV_2  , NC_001350 in genus Rhadinovirus; Ictalurid herpesvirus 1 IcHV_1  , NC_001493 in genus Ictalurivirus; and 4 unassigned species Tupaiid herpesvirus 1 TuHV_1  , NC_002794  , Ostreid herpesvirus 1 OsHV_1  , NC_005881  , Psittacid herpesvirus 1 PsHV_1  , NC_005264 and Ateline herpesvirus 3 AtHV_3  , NC_001987.The methyl CpG binding protein MeCP2 was shown to interact with the lamin B receptor and may connect DNA methylation with nuclear architecture
60. Some studies have shown that nuclear architecture could be altered during normal aging beyond just modifications connected with premature aging syndromes
59.Thus  , the TC family numbers  , as well as the metabolites  , of the TCDB genes similar to each TPGC were classified with the same algorithm used by merlin to classify the EC numbers of each EEGC. A TPGC can have similarities to different families and super-families of the same TC class that can nevertheless have similar functions.As explained for nuclear transport  , protein synthesis  , and mRNA decay  , vesicle transport is a process not known to be directly involved in retrotransposon integration. This group included factors responsible for ER maintenance  , ER to Golgi transport  , transport within the Golgi  , and two components of the ESCRT III complex associated with sorting of cargo proteins.CXCR  , C-X-C chemokine receptor; LTED  , Long-term oestrogen deprivation; si  , Small interfering; wt  , Wild type. Data shown are representative of a minimum of three independent experiments.Notably  , we observed increased protein levels of nuclear but not cytosolic bFGF isoforms in chemo-residual tumor cells. Whereas cytosolic bFGF isoforms are regulated by cap-dependent translation  , nuclear bFGF isoforms are regulated by cap-independent translation.One technique for using a fine-grained representaticm of rules is to use indexing cf. In Merlin we employ a patiicular extension of abstract syntax graphs which are now described in detail.According to several secondary structure predictors 42-46  , morpheus hosts a transmembrane segment in its amino-terminal part  , followed by a helical portion before the repeats Figure 4c. Interestingly  , the protein encoded by morpheus localizes at the nuclear membrane  , where it interacts with the nuclear pore complex 11.MRPS34 is required for protein synthesis of all 13 mitochondrially-encoded polypeptides and stability of the 12S rRNA and specific mRNAs. Here we investigated the role of MRPS34 in mice carrying a homozygous mutation in the nuclear gene encoding this protein that causes a significant decrease of this protein.Surprisingly  , we found that Dicer in the mouse is an exclusively cytoplasmic protein  , indicating that nuclear RNA processing is not a conserved feature of mammalian Dicer in vivo. Given all the above studies were restricted to cell lines  , we sought to explore the extent of nuclear Dicer function in vivo using the mouse as a model system.Vertebrate WASH proteins have conserved predicted nuclear localization and export signals and sumoylation sites Figure S5 suggesting a possible role in the nucleus. Notably  , one of the two Entamoeba WASH genes encodes a short protein  , containing only the C-terminal portion  , and is like the human short form  , indicating its potential functional significance.Multivariable survival models were fit using Cox proportional hazards model. Kaplan-Meier curves were created for both overall survival OS and recurrence-free survival RFS  , and log-rank tests were used to compare 12-chemokine gene expression scores and 12-chemokine gene expression scores stratified by antibody status estrogen receptor ER or progesterone receptor PR positive  , ER and PR negative with HER2 negative or missing  , and HER2 positive.This subcellular localization could be confirmed by subsequent extraction of nuclear protein components  , including chromatin from COS-7 cells transfected with a green fluorescent GFP-Jacob fusion protein D. C. Dieterich and M. R. Kreutz  , unpublished data. In addition  , the initial purification of the crude nuclear fraction showed an enrichment of the 62–70 kDa Jacob bands in the nuclear matrix D. C. Dieterich and M. R. Kreutz  , unpublished data.Blastocysts contain too little protein for visualization of MBD3 or MTA-2 by Western blotting. The specificity of the antibody was confirmed by loss of nuclear signal after blocking with the peptide the antibody was raised against Santa Cruz Biotechnology and further validated by the presence of a 34-kDa band on a Western blot of HeLa cell extracts.f Rap1-GFP hypercluster localization relative to the nuclear pore. e Representative fluorescent images of the telomere-associated protein Rap1 tagged with GFP in SP WT and sir3∆ cells.CXCR  , C-X-C chemokine receptor; CXCL  , C-X-C chemokine ligand. Expression of CXCR4
A  , CXCR7
B  , CXCL11
C and CXCL12
D in wild-type WT and their corresponding long-term oestrogen-deprived LTED cell lines.Altogether  , most of the tagged protein bound accurate to the silica resin under native conditions and elution was successful only with high concentrations of imidazole. Mechanical disruption of the nuclear fraction was crucial since yields up to 25 mg of protein per 109 cells and purity varied depending on the viscosity of the initial lysate.One drawback is that routine plastid transformation procedures in many major crops remains a challenge 95. Genetic transformation of plastids has become an attractive alternative to nuclear gene transformation when very high recombinant protein levels may represent up to 70% of leaf protein and lack of transgene transmission via pollen in many species are desired.The tumourigenic mutations of NHERF1 partially or completely disrupt the binding of SYK or merlin  , both of which are tumour suppressors 19 ,20 ,42 ,43  , suggesting that NHERF1 converges in a pathway mediated by the two tumour suppressors. We reported earlier that NHERF1 interacted with SYK and merlin 1.Amiloride treatment did not impair the presence of the protein in the nucleus and even stimulated it Figure 6d  , lane 8. Incubation of the cells at 4°C reduced the presence of the protein in the nuclear fraction but it was then detected in the cytoplasm  , probably as a result of reduced nuclear import Figure 6d  , lanes 4 to 6.To avoid such massive effort  , merlin was used to implement the remote similarity alignments between the user set of genes or full genome as was the case and the previously selected remote NCBI database  , as well as retrieve and classify each homologue’s annotation  , providing comprehensible information. Anyone that has tried one of the many BLAST search tools available in the internet such as
http://blast.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/Blast.cgi or
http://www.UniProt.org/blast/ knows that the output of a BLAST search is not much helpful for the collection of metabolic data see Additional file
1: Figure S2 of the supplemental material  , because the user has to follow several links to retrieve the data: to retrieve metabolic data  , the user has to go over all identified homologue genes  , retrieve enzymatic information and compile such information for all genes of the studied genome.DF  , JF  , and MC performed nuclear protein isolation  , co-immunoprecipitation and western blotting. JF performed the nanostring  , quantitative PCR  , and quantitative ChIP experiments.Mps3 localizes to the inner nuclear membrane and to the nuclear side of the SPB half-bridge to mediate SPB cohesion  , and its cleavage at the N-terminal domain plays a role in meiotic SPB separation. In this report  , we have shown for the first time that a SUN-domain protein is cleaved at the nuclear membranes.No phosphohistone H2Ax staining was observed in control cells transfected with eGFP  , indicating that the response was not simply the result of a large accumulation of foreign protein in the nucleus Figure 5g-i. However  , neighbouring cells not expressing Wlddid not show any phosphohistone H2Ax nuclear puncta.In contrast  , Gal-1B levels are low in limb mesenchymal cells and this galectin has no effect on their adhesion or on skeletal morphogenesis Bullock et al. Indeed  , we found that G. gallus Gal-1A has the ability to mediate adhesion between embryonic limb bud precartilage mesenchymal cells and is expressed very early within limb buds  , where it induces skeletogenesis.For imaging of type IV md neurons expressing a membrane targeted mCD8-GFP fusion protein memGFP we used a rat-anti-mCD8 antibody Invitrogen at 1/100. Nuclei were visualized using the fluorescent nuclear dye DAPI.2013 were used as queries to search the S. minutum nuclear genome and transcriptome as either nucleotide sequences blastn or as protein sequences tblastn details of sequences used are in supplementary table S3  , Supplementary Material online. Previously identified Symbiodinium sequences encoding mitochondrial proteins Butterfield et al.However  , there are some shortcomings in these analyses; for instance  , it is inevitably difficult to select most appropriate candidate when several variable parameters are to be considered in determination of structural models. Nuclear membrane resonance NMR and/or protein crystallography have been used to construct 3D structural model of the target protein 16 but these techniques are more laborious  , expensive and time consuming whereas  , bioinformatics analyses offer comparatively less laborious  , inexpensive and relatively faster experimentation.Mouse ES cells are a widely exploited model for the study of XCI initiation  , and we reasoned that as Xist RNA acts as an initiator of XCI  , proteins which have to interact with this RNA to ensure early Xist functions should already be present in the nuclear extract of ES female mouse cells prior to differentiation. We initiated a proteomic approach based on affinity chromatography purification of complexes formed upon incubation of in vitro transcribed Xist A region RNAs with nuclear extracts  , followed by protein identification by mass spectrometry and Western blot analysis.This methodology was also developed in-house and will be included in merlin’s 2.0 version. Although merlin uses remote BLAST similarity searches to classify gene products  , the transporter information is obtained by performing local smith-waterman SW similarity alignments
56 with the TCDB  , to identify the TCS Transporter Classification Superfamily number of the genes that encode transporter proteins.By contrast  , when the experiment was done with SHPR190  , the protein was mainly seen in the nuclear fraction Figure 6c  , upper panel lane 2  , in agreement with the immunofluorescence observations  , and a signal was also seen in the membrane fraction. Analysis of the cytoplasmic RRM2 protein indicated that the fractionation process was correct Figure 6b  , lower panel.GFP  , green fluorescent protein. Apparent Sfp1-GFP nuclear depletion  , without nuclear Msn2-mCherry during the unstressed phase  , is seen in the cell at the far upper left corner; the nucleus is clearly in focus judged by the nuclear Msn2-mCherry concentration upon NaCl treatment.The protein concentration was determined using the protein assay reagent Bio-Rad. The suspension was incubated on a rocking platform at 4°C for 30 min  , vortexed briefly and centrifuged for 10 min at 14 ,000 g at 4°C  , and the supernatant nuclear fraction was collected.Smaller mutant PGC-1α proteins were also not detected by Western blot analysis unpublished data. PGC-1α protein was not detected in whole cell Figure 1E or nuclear protein extracts unpublished data isolated from BAT of PGC-1α−/− mice under basal conditions or in response to cold exposure  , a condition known to markedly induce the expression of PGC-1α in BAT.Interestingly  , the protein encoded by morpheus localizes at the nuclear membrane  , where it interacts with the nuclear pore complex 11. Together with positive selection occurring at the upstream exons 2 and 4 of morpheus 11  , it could be a sign of the fixation process that the entire family is currently undergoing in hominoids.In summary  , we have demonstrated that polyADP-ribosylation is required for protein delivery into CB. Finally  , our findings suggest the novel role of CB in nuclear protein recycling and emphasize the importance of increasing our knowledge about the properties of polyADP-ribose dynamics in vivo.Although this data could be explained as the abnormal SDS-PAGE migration pattern of PCYT1A protein itself  , it is also possible that the observed WB signal could be due to up-regulated endogenous ERCC1 protein upon transient overexpression of PCYT1A. By using an ERCC1 depleted cell line  , they detected an unidentified 8F1 cross-reactive nuclear protein with similar molecular weight.This notion is supported by a CDC14Bpar recombinant protein that lacks the C-terminal domain; this truncation mutant localizes to the nucleus Figure S2. In the case of CDC14Bpar and CDC14B3  , their specific C-terminal sequences apparently override the nuclear localization signal.The FASTA method is also implemented in the --fast-Assoc option of the MERLIN 40 package  , however MERLIN calculates the kinship matrix  internally on the basis of known theoretical kinships constructed from known pedigree relationships  , rather than allowing the pairwise kinship coefficients to be estimated using genome-wide SNP genotype data 12. The mmscore and polygenic functions of the GenABEL package 39 together allow implementation of the FAmily based Score Test Approximation FASTA method proposed by Chen and Abecasis 9.Nuclear protein from parental and chemo-residual cells was extracted. 1a.In contrast to BRCA1  , BRCA2 is a 390 kDa nuclear protein that is exclusively involved in the homologous recombination pathway for repairing double-strand breaks. The clustering of these residues near this interface might provide a clue to the driver of natural selection at these sites.Here we show that Dicer in vivo in the mouse is an exclusively cytoplasmic protein  , excluding a conserved role for Dicer in nuclear RNA processing. In summary  , we show that mouse Dicer in vivo both in PMEFs and adult tissues as well as the developing embryo is a cytoplasmic protein restricting its physiological function to cytoplasmic RNA metabolism  , binding and regulation.Nuclear extracts from mock transfected cells did not appreciably result in a shift of the labeled Pax2 DNA-binding site oligonucleotide  , whereas wild-type and all three mutant Pax2 proteins bound the oligonucleotide with approximately equal affinity. A labeled Pax2 DNA-binding consensus sequence was incubated in the presence or absence of nuclear extract of COS-7 cells expressing equal amounts of the wild-type or mutant Pax2 protein; the same  , unlabeled  , competing DNA oligonucleotide; and/or a mutated version of the unlabeled oligonucleotide Mut-Pax2.In both constitutive and alternative splicing  , intron removal is catalyzed by the spliceosome  , a macromolecular RNA-protein complex that comprises five small nuclear ribonucleoprotein particles snRNPs and numerous non-snRNP proteins 3. Hence  , the two proteins strongly rely on each other to ensure correct 5′ splice site recognition by the U1 snRNP.In addition to the pathway leading to nuclear localization of NF-κB  , Toll/TLR signaling can activate the Jun N-terminal kinase JNK and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase MAPK pathways  , leading to transcription of a range of target genes via the AP1 activating protein 1/ATF activating transcriptionfactor 1 factors. The absence of a Toll/TLR protein sensu stricto from Hydra is discussed above  , but in addition only a single highly derived Rel domain could be found in Hydra whereas unambiguous NF-κB homologs are present in both Nematostella and Acropora Table 1.The genes suppressed only in lure-mated females included Obp56A  , occudin homology domain  , carboxylate reductase  , and binding nuclear protein  , with nine unknown function transcripts supplementary fig. S4  , Supplementary Material online.The TRF1-TERB1 protein complex also interacts with the nuclear membrane protein complex  , SUN-KASH  , which is required for stimulating chromosome movements that promotes chromosome pairing/synapsis 56. Furthermore  , it was demonstrated that STAG3 cohesins stabilize telomere attachment to the nuclear envelope via interaction with the telomere TRF1-TERB1 protein complex 15.The splicing factor SRP40 was used as a control for nuclear localization Figure 4c. Fusion constructs were co-transfected into BHK21 cells together with a red fluorescent protein membrane marker as a reference.To test this  , we analyzed spatiotemporal localization of derivatives carrying the well-characterized AIDF193A mutation which prevents nuclear export  , and also reduces protein abundance and accelerates SHM 26. As AID is actively exported from the nucleus  , this signal was likely to derive from protein that had been exported in G1 phase and re-entered in S phase and escaped proteolysis long enough to produce a signal.In previous studies we found that ZNF3 is required for hyphal development during unisexual and bisexual reproduction in C. deneoformans 28. The encoded protein in Cryptococcus neoformans contains three zinc finger domains  , two predicted nuclear localization signals NLS  , and a conserved coiled coil region  , often involved in protein-protein interactions  , as well as a putative ribonuclease conserved domain indicating that it may be involved in cleavage of RNA.Moreover  , merlin reduced the curation efforts  , as it allows the user to browse through all similarity search results and change the automatic annotations provided by the software. The similarity result gene product  , EC number with the highest confidence score was selected by merlin to automatically annotate each protein encoding gene of the studied genome.Subcellular fractionation experiments confirmed that Jacob is a synaptic and a nuclear protein. Patchy IR was found both at the nuclear envelope and in the nuclear matrix.Immunoblotting was performed as described previously 24. Cytoplasmic and nuclear protein extracts were prepared as previously published 23.Second  , nuclear accumulation of MIWI2 was delayed  , with the protein becoming detectable in the nucleus at E18.5 rather than at E16.5 compare left panels in Figure 4C and 4C’. First and foremost  , MIWI2 failed to accumulate in the piP-bodies and instead was distributed more or less evenly throughout the cytoplasm of mutant cells.However one major drawback of expression of human blood proteins via the nuclear genome is their low levels of expression  , mostly less than 1% of the total soluble protein. Containment of foreign genes via pollen or seeds is achieved by their expression only in leaves or vegetative tissues and their harvest before emergence of reproductive structures.to suppott them to perform activities in the software process. Using this information  , a process-centered software development environment like Merlin can provide maximum information to developexx or manage~ resp.Cytochrome c oxidase has been identified as the mitochondrial enzyme that reduces NO-2 to NO  , which induces expression of nuclear hypoxic genes  , possibly via a pathway that involves protein nitration 74. Mitochondria produce increased quantities of NO under hypoxia.D Immobilized hsrω-n ncRNA and a generic control RNA were used as baits to pull down protein complexes from native larval nuclear extracts. The immunoprecipitate was analyzed by RT-PCR using primers for the 280b tandem repeat unit of the nuclear hsrω–n ncRNA; primers amplifying the U4 and Rox1 ncRNAs were used as specificity controls.This data suggests that the ‘free’ pool of Tlo protein may be competing with DNA-bound activators for binding sites on co-activators and co-repressors. Mutations that inhibit the nuclear localization of Tlo protein in C. albicans strongly reduce its virulence in a murine systemic infection model.Vertexes are ligands green and receptors purple and edges indicate known molecular interactions. c  , d Chemokine/receptor networks for immune infiltration in diverse cancer types.a
Left panel: BT549 cells transfected with bFGF shRNA or control ctrl shRNA were challenged with doxorubicin Dox 0.25 μg/ml for 2 h. Fresh medium was added after chemotherapy removal. Nuclear basic fibroblast growth factor bFGF drives DNA repair and DNA-dependent protein kinase catalytic subunit DNA-PKcs expression.The specific interaction of RanBP2 with a diverse set of partners likely reflects a pleiotropic role of RanBP2 in cell function  , possibly through the integration of multiple pathways. Several roles of RanBP2 have emerged that implicate RanBP2 in nucleocytoplasmic trafficking 3 ,5  , protein biogenesis 6 ,7  , the formation of the mitotic spindle  , assembly of the nuclear envelope 8  , and the integration of the nuclear envelope breakdown with kinetochore formation and maturation during early mitotic progression 9.Chromatin was then incubated with pre-coated Protein G-Sepharose and ATF6  , XBP1 or control IgG antibodies 3 μg. Nuclear lysates were sonicated and pre-cleared with Protein G-Sepharose Sigma pre-coated with 1 μg/mL sonicated salmon sperm nuclei Sigma  , 1 mg/mL BSA.Immediate early genes are defined as the first group of genes to be expressed in this case  , in neurons following specific extracellular signals  , and are operationally defined as those RNAs expressed in the presence of protein synthesis inhibitors and hence do not require protein synthesis for their transcription. In our study  , these included c-fos  , jun-b  , btg2  , the nuclear orphan receptor NRF4a  , Arc  , and Cyr61.The protein-coding sequences were translated to amino acids and then aligned with CLUSTAL W under default settings for gap costs gap opening penalty 10.00; gap extension penalty 0.20. The dataset included six genes  , both protein-coding EF1α  , histone H3  , COI and ribosomal 18S  , 28S  , and 16S  , and both nuclear 18S  , 28S  , EF1α  , H3 and mitochondrial 16S  , COI see Additional File 3.This is in agreement with the lack of DNA synthesis in resting cells and the fact that in vivo the endothelial DNA synthesis preferentially occurs at branch orifices characterized by low and turbulent flow 42. Quantitative analysis of the protein content see Figure 7 relative to nucleus  , cytosol  , cytoskeleton  , and membrane sub-cellular fractions have shown a drastic reduction of the nuclear protein content in EC exposed to flow.After 5 h 30 min of internalization  , the nucleus was enriched with the recombinant SET protein  , although recombinant SET was still abundantly present in the cytoplasm Figure 
2B. After 3 h of internalization  , the recombinant SET protein  , which possesses a nuclear targeting sequence  , was mostly concentrated in the cell body around the nucleus and had started to move inside the nucleus Figure 
2A.Twenty micrograms of nuclear protein and 1 μg of purified core histones from chicken Upstate Biotechnology  , 13–107 were separated by SDS/PAGE and blotted onto a PVDF membrane Millipore  , GVPPEAC12. Nuclei were isolated as described by 14.The new annotation proposed in this work could only be accomplished as merlin provided semi-automatic scored results. The metabolic genes could be exclusively enzymatic 1410 genes  , transporter proteins 301 genes or have both metabolic activities 48 genes.SNPs were checked for significant segregation distortion  , and for errors using Merlin 55  , with extremely unlikely calls dropped from the analysis. We used the Mouse Universal Genotyping Array  , MUGA 54  , to yield genotypes for 2 ,058 fully informative SNPs average spacing = 1 ,223 kb.Because the Wlds protein is known to have a predominantly nuclear distribution 20 ,21  , and most cell cycle proteins modulate cell cycle via interactions in the nucleus  , we next tested whether Wldexpression altered the nuclear expression of cell cycle proteins. No phosphohistone H2Ax staining was observed in control cells transfected with eGFP  , indicating that the response was not simply the result of a large accumulation of foreign protein in the nucleus Figure 5g-i.But in vivo  , the uncoating of the filament is necessary for the integration of the T-DNA into the nuclear genome of the recipient cell. Washing the complex with buffer without VirE2 protein does not destabilize the complex.These authors' conclusions were based primarily on the observation that a membrane-tethered  , stabilized form of Arm ArmΔArm causes activation of the Wnt pathway without entering the nucleus. A recent study has challenged this view and has questioned the importance of nuclear localization of Arm protein Chan and Struhl 2002.However  , no such polyA tail binding protein has been identified in mitochondria  , and targeting the cytosolic PABPC1 to mitochondria not only inhibited mitochondrial translation and OXPHOS function but also reduced polyA tail length 28. MTPAP therefore might have low processivity in vivo or requires a stabilising factor  , similar to polyadenylation in the nucleus  , where the polyadenylate-binding nuclear protein  , PABPN1  , binds to the newly synthesised polyA tail to increase PAP affinity to RNA 27.Only three phylogenetic studies focused on Africa and Madagascar have used nuclear protein-coding genes CAD and/or TP1 12  , 21  , 34. Mitochondrial both rDNA and protein encoding and the nuclear rDNA genes have been widely used in previous studies of dung beetles 11–13  , 18–21 and represent the bulk of data for this group in GenBank.AMP = Antimicrobial peptide  , APHAG = Autophagy  , CASP = Caspase  , CASPA = Caspase A  , CAT = Catalase  , CLIP = CLIP serine protease  , CTL = C-type lectin  , FREP = Fibrinogen-like  , GALE = Galectin  , GNBP = Gram-negative binding protein/Beta-glucan recognition protein  , IAP = IAP repeat  , IGG = Immunoglobulin  , IMDPATH = Imd pathway  , JAKSTAT = JAK/STAT pathway  , LYS = Lysozyme  , ML = MD-2-related lipid recognition  , NIMROD = nimrod  , PGRP = Peptidoglycan recognition protein  , PPO = Prophenoloxidase  , PRDX = Peroxidase  , REL = Relish  , SCR = Scavenger receptor  , SOD = Superoxide dismutase  , SPZ = Spatzle  , SRPN = Serine protease inhibitor  , SRRP = Small RNA regulatory pathway  , TEP = Thioester-containing protein  , TOLL = Toll genes  , TOLLPATH = Toll pathway. The tree represents a clustering analysis using Euclidean distances based on the number of genes within these groups.Thus  , the Ccr7 overexpression phenotypes described here are most likely dependent on the presence of its ligands in the early embryo. Belonging to the class of chemokine GPCRs  , CCR7 is thought to activate intracellular signaling only when bound to its cognate ligands 69  , resembling the well-studied ligand-receptor pair CXCL12-CXCR4 31 ,32.Remarkably  , each possesses two DBDs in tandem Fig. Each protein exhibits a modular structure characteristic of the nuclear receptor superfamily with a divergent N terminal A/B domain  , a hinge region and a less well conserved LBD.Numbers of mRNAs among the 4 ,976 nuclear-encoded protein-coding genes that are regulated during the different stress conditions indicated at left. Annotated lists of the translationally regulated genes are given in Additional file 2.For larger proteins over 50 KDa  , truncations should be considered to express specific protein domains and to minimise the molecular weight  , number of low complexity regions and contiguous hydrophobic amino acids. When fused to an optimal fusion partner  , nuclear  , cytoplasmic and extra-cellular domains were equally likely to be expressed solubly.To test whether the linear dose-response of these candidates with unknown function correlates with nuclear localization  , we generated carboxy-terminal green fluorescent protein GFP-tagged proteins and analyzed their subcellular localization. In addition  , several genes with unknown function showed dose-dependent behavior in our assays.described lepidopteran R1 long interspersed nuclear elements LINEs that were unusual in that the protein encoded by their second large ORF contained a C-terminal S1H domain 58. Recently  , Lazareva et al.The vectors used contain the oriP sequence that supports increased protein production in HEK 293E which express EBV nuclear antigen 1. HEK 293E cells were then chosen for large scale production and functional testing.Cytoplasmic protein was extracted using NE-PERTM reagents CERI buffer  , Thermo Scientific according to manufacturer’s instruction. For nuclear fractionation  , FNPs from multiple e11.5 embryos were freshly isolated and digested by 2 mg/mL Collagenase D Roche for 20 minutes at 37°C  , with gentle shaking.The NHL-domain protein is excluded from the nucleus and accumulates in a perinuclear compartment  , which resembles the Golgi apparatus Figure 4r. In fact  , nuclear localization of Ndrg3 has been recently reported in the mouse central nervous system 45.There are several known components of the nuclear matrix  , including AHL1  , an AT hook domain containing protein that has been shown by biochemical and cytological assays to be associated with the nuclear matrix 15. Matrix attachment region MAR prediction algorithms suggested the possibility that some of the sequences near the breakpoint junctions contain binding sites for the nuclear matrix.We therefore rooted the tree with various deuterostome heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein K HNRNPK protein sequences as outgroups. FUSEBPs belong to the large superfamily of RNA-binding proteins  , and more specifically to the K-homology KH RNA-binding domain 42.Striatin B and striatal B differ only in the aldehyde group at the C7 ring  , and this position of striatal B was used for BSA-conjugate synthesis for immunization. As expected  , striatin B with IC50 = 109.3% showed the highest cross reactivity.In this study  , we have successfully identified PCYT1A  , a nuclear membrane protein  , as the 8F1 cross-reactive protein. Interestingly  , immunofluorescence experiments showed that this spurious 8F1 binding protein also localized in the nucleus.The wizard Merlin is supposed to have built the Stonehenge in southern Ihgtand a set of welldefirmd building blocks and relations and the wizard was able to foresee the future at least to a certain extent such that king Roles represent groups of activities which are logically highly related. Resources are either the people who participate in the production of software  , or tecldcal resources  , namely tools liie editors or debuggers supporting the software development activities.Alignments showing homologous regions of one or more representatives of each major group found in D. pulex with those from various taxa reveal conserved motifs in protein-coding regions Additional file 3a-j  , such as those with predicted catalytic function for example  , hAT  , PIF/Harbinger  , Merlin  , P  , and Tc1/mariner 15-18 or polymerase activity for example  , Maverick 19. Membership of each complete TE identified to a given superfamily was validated by verifying the presence of the structural characteristic features of that superfamily 12.Nineteen of the twenty amino acid sites identified as having experienced positive selection are located in extracellular domains of the chemokine receptor proteins CCR2 and CCR3. Site tests  , which analyze genetic sequences at the unit of the codon  , revealed a proportion of codon sites that display evidence of positive selection ω > 1 within the coding sequences of mammalian CC motif chemokine receptor genes CCR2 and CCR3.Unspecific bands recognized by the secondary antibody are shown in F. Recombinant full-length SET protein is observed at 49 kDa in nuclear and cytoplasmic fractions as in B.The protein concentration of both fractions was determined with the Micro BCA™Protein Assay Reagent kit Pierce  , Rockford  , IL  , USA. The pellet corresponding to the nuclear fraction was lysed with hypertonic buffer Hepes 20 mM  , MgCl2 1.5 mM  , EDTA 0.2 mM  , NaCl 0.5 M  , glycerol 25%  , pH 7.9 supplemented with protease cocktail inhibitors on ice during two hours.To do this  , we simultaneously imaged expression of dsx and fru
50 using UAS-nuclear GFP UAS-Stinger and lexA operator-nuclear tdTomato lexAop-tdTomato::nls red fluorescent protein 50 in males and females at 72 h after puparium formation APF and as 0–12 h adults. In those instances where dsx was expressed in peripheral sensory structures known to contain fru-expressing neurons  , we examined whether their expression overlaps at the cellular level.Together  , these data show that perdurance of stable maternal proteins can mask essential zygotic gene functions in organogenesis  , and demonstrate differential requirements for filopodia in directional NC migration and subsequent NC derivative formation. We also demonstrate that fscn1a controls directional migration of the first cranial NC stream through interactions with the chemokine receptor chemokine C-X-C motif receptor 4a cxcr4a and its ligand chemokine C-X-C motif ligand 12b cxcl12b  , or sdf1b.A second enzyme  , glycogen synthase kinase GSK3β/SHAGGY SGG  , regulates phosphorylation of TIM protein  , levels  , and nuclear entry 13. The most well studied kinase CK1/DOUBLETIME DBT is hypothesized to regulate PER nuclear entry  , repression  , and degradation 7 ,11 ,12.Afterwards  , merlin accessed the Entrez Protein webservice to download and save several data for each homologue acquired in the previous step. If less than 100 homologues were available  , only those were processed.An unspecific cross-reacting protein is shown as control. b EZH2 and SUZ12 proteins bound to LINC-PINT or antisense RNA control RNA when incubated with nuclear extracts.For the nuclear gene  , we designed three pairs of exon-primed-intron-crossing EPIC primers based on an Arabidopsis thaliana translin family protein locus tfp  , AT2G03780 and a Primula sieboldii seedling cDNA library FS228429. 82.Nuclear localization of EDS1 is necessary for transcriptional reprogramming to trigger SA biosynthesis and other plant defence responses. Upon recognition of biotrophic pathogens  , EDS1 translocates from the cytoplasm  , where it is sequestered by the related protein PAD4  , to the nucleus 20–23.0PS5 adds an initial fact to the knowledge base at the beginning of the forward chaining execution  , Because of the persistence of all facts in Merlin  , Merlin does not need such a mechanism as employed in 0PS5. Note that in our approach as opposite to the RETE-algorithm the construction of that possibly complex network only happens once.Interestingly  , the GFP-BED1/2y fusion protein residues 90–384 also showed nuclear localization  , but as an exclusion from the nucleolus Figure 4B. However  , ZBED6 did not show a complete localization to the nucleolus since some dispersed staining throughout the nucleus was evident Figure 4C.PHBECs and hAMSCs were successfully tagged with nuclear enhanced yellow fluorescent protein VenusNLS or red fluorescent protein DsRed2  , respectively see Additional file 2F. To be able to trace cells  , we infected freshly isolated PHBECs or hAMSCs with lentiviral constructs bearing fluorescent proteins in suspension.In most animal cells  , MTs are nucleated from and anchored at an organising centre  , the centrosome  , which resides juxtaposed to the nuclear envelope. These dynamic protein polymers form from dimers of two related proteins  , α- and β-tubulin  , that exist in a soluble  , cytosolic pool and that incorporate into existing MTs with predetermined polarity 8.The suspension was incubated with increasing concentrations of DNase I Roche  , Basel  , Switzerland for one hour at 37°C. DNase I treatment - GST-AP2 beads incubated with the nuclear protein extracts were washed twice with PBS and suspended in DNase I buffer 40 mM Tris HCl  , 10 mM NaCl  , 6 mM MgCl2  , 1mMCaCl2  , pH 7.9.It was the group of genes assigned with different enzymes on each merlin project distinct. The third set of genes was the most troublesome.Depletion of CXCR7 causes cell cycle arrest  , but not apoptosis. CXCR  , C-X-C chemokine receptor; LTED  , Long-term oestrogen deprivation; si  , Small interfering; wt  , Wild type.Image representative of three experimental replicates. ii Endocrine-resistant cells LY2 and LetR exhibited >2 fold increase in AR nuclear protein expression compared to their endocrine-sensitive MCF7 counterparts.The Argonaute protein NRDE-3 serves as a sensor for endo–siRNAs  , as nuclear localization of this protein is dependent on the presence of siRNAs 8. Diminished activity of the endo–RNAi pathway is one explanation for enhanced RNAi sensitivity to dsRNA from exogenous sources.In the latter study  , Gal-1A functioned in skeletogenesis by its incorporation into a regulatory network with another galectin  , Gal-8  , which in concert with it determined its quasiperiodic pattern of expression Bhat et al. 2011.Nuclear protein extracts were prepared from H. armigera fat body according to the procedures described in Zhang et al. Samples were resolved on 5% w/v non-denaturing polyacrylamide gel in 1×TBE at 150 V. After electrophoresis  , the gel was dried and subjected to autoradiography using an intensifying screen at −80°C for 16 h. For competition experiments  , a 100-fold excess of unlabeled probe was pre-incubated with the nuclear protein extracts at 27°C for 10 min and then subjected to the procedures as mentioned above.One possibility is that during spermatogenesis  , the testis-specific genes on the X chromosome dissociate less readily from the more transcriptionally quiescent nuclear periphery than those on the autosomes. In somatic cells  , 59% of our testis-specific genes compared to just 2% of our housekeeping genes reside in BLACK chromatin  , which is characterized by a transcriptionally repressive state and a frequent association with the nuclear lamin B protein among others; 63; see also 64.However  , interestingly  , daf-12/NHR is still required for lifespan extension in animals carrying a mutant DAF-16/FOXO protein that localizes constitutively to nuclei 11. Together  , these findings indicate that DAF-9/CYP450 and DAF-12/NHR play a role in the nuclear localization of DAF-16/FOXO.Using internal heuristics  , described in
51 and briefly represented above in equation 1  , merlin automatically selected a candidate annotation for each protein encoding gene of the studied genome based on confidence scores. Moreover  , merlin reduced the curation efforts  , as it allows the user to browse through all similarity search results and change the automatic annotations provided by the software.It is worthwhile to note that the Merlin rulebased descri~ tion mechanism allows ample flexibility to customize an environment towards particular company's or even project's needs. 2PSW92  , The example is based on the ISPW6/7 scenario as defined in KFFK91.Some projects for instance  , MIMO-DB 3 or MERLIN 4  relate CH objects with terms of an external authority or vocabulary. There have been many attempts to automatically enrich cultural heritage metadata.3 The scavenger receptor CD163 for which an increased expression is related to the M2a macrophage subtype  , and 4 the CD206 alpha-mannose receptor  , which is present on anti-inflammatory M2a and M2c macrophage subtypes 19. 2 The chemokine receptor CCR7 antigen  , present on the pro-inflammatory M1 macrophage subtype.Improved recombinant protein production has been achieved by targeting via homologous recombination  , specific plastid regions in order to obtain high gene expression  , bypassing the known nuclear gene silencing that affects this organism 11  , 12. Among these  , Chlamydomonas reinhardtii is the most recognized microalgae due to its suitability for genetic transformation and scalability; moreover  , various examples of recombinant protein expression are available 11–14.The 38-kDa Cre protein from the most efficient Cre-lox system used for eukaryotic genome manipulation has been assumed to readily diffuse into the nucleus owing to its small size. Since recombinase-mediated DNA recombination reactions occur in the nucleus of plant cells  , nuclear targeting of prokaryotic-originated recombinases might vary in excision efficiency.In wild type  , there was diffuse nuclear staining  , and no evidence of concentration on SC cores marked by the axial element protein SYCP3 at any meiotic substage Figure 1G. To further assess the nuclear localization  , TRIP13 was used to probe meiotic chromosomes prepared by surface spreading of spermatocyte nuclei.When we analyzed the pyramidal neurons in the hippocampus at a higher magnification we found that Annexin A7 again mainly localized to the nuclei Fig. The astrocytes are mainly localized in the area between cells exhibiting nuclear Annexin A7 staining and show the protein also in the nucleus and the cytoplasm data not shown.Moreover  , when DDB2 was co-expressed together with DDB1  , the later protein showed increased accumulation in the nucleus suggesting that DDB2 plays an active role in this translocation process. Experiments on transfected cells indicate that human DDB1 is also primarily located in the cytoplasm  , but shows a dynamic nuclear accumulation induced by UV light 29 ,30.Among the non-LDLRR-GPCR/LGR-like set of sequences  , the melanocortin receptors of the α-group  , the classical chemokine receptors CCRs  , CXCRs  , melanocyte-concentrating hormone MCHR subfamilies of the γ-group and the purine PUR  , MAS-related receptor MRG and olfactory subfamilies of the δ-group are conspicuously absent. For the sake of clarity in discussions  , the Rhodopsin phylogenetic representation is split into two subsets  , one comprising the LDLRR-GPCR/LGR-like set of receptors and the other consisting of the non-LDLRR-GPCR/LGR-like cluster.First  , to test whether GFP protein itself interacts with CB  , we immunoprecipitated protein complexes with anti-GFP antibody from Drosophila stock expressing nuclear GFP protein Figure S2B. To confirm the observed interaction  , we next performed control experiments.However  , 48 genes identified as transporter systems encoding genes were also annotated by the annotation pipeline with EC numbers. The annotation pipeline for genes that encode enzymes described on Figure
3 of the Methods section reviewed a total of 1699 EEGC’s and the transporter annotation function within merlin provided 349 genes.The supernatants after centrifugation were collected as nuclear protein extracts. The residual pellets were washed with cytosolic lysis buffer  , and then incubated in nuclear lysis buffer 50 mM TRIS pH 7.5  , 1 % SDS  , and proteinase inhibitors plus Benzonase Sigma on ice for 20 minutes.A number of internal controls were also labeled on the panel. These data show that 8F1 recognizes not only its specific target two ERCC1 transcript variants  , but also another unrelated nuclear membrane protein PCYT1A.The presented data generate an important point of departure to initiate functional studies in neurons in order to understand the role of a protein that appears to be at a critical interface between binding partners that are functionally involved in synaptogenesis  , transport and nuclear processes. Upon cell fractionation  , muskelin is further enriched in fractions containing membranes and large protein complexes.In mammalian cells there are at least two Hsp90 isoforms  , Hsp90α and Hsp90β  , which are encoded by separate genes. Cells were treated with 100 μM PRIMA-1 for 2  , 4 or 8 hours  , and protein samples from the whole cell extracts WCE and nuclear extracts NE were Western blotted with antibodies directed against both the α and β forms of Hsp90 protein.Protein loading was assessed using Lamin A or GAPDH antibody. The expression of addback constructs in stable transfectants was confirmed and compared to control shRNA-transfected cells by immunoblotting equivalent amounts of nuclear upper two lanes or cytosolic lower two lanes extract with bFGF antibody.Finally  , the ribosome associated ligase Ltn1 targets non-stop polypeptides stalled during translation for degradation 21. Hul5  , a nuclear protein that relocalizes to the cytoplasm upon heat shock  , and Rsp5 have been identified as the two ligases responsible for the marked increase in cytoplasmic protein ubiquitination following heat shock stress 19  , 20.Each K. lactis gene assigned by merlin with enzymatic functions on either the first or the second similarity search was labelled as an enzyme encoding gene candidate EEGC. Hence  , two projects were initiated with merlin  , allowing the software tool to use all data available in the NCBI database nrDB to annotate the Kluyveromyces lactis genome in the first project  , while for the later project only data from the NCBI’s yeastDB were used.Because cleavage of Mps3 depends on the proteasome activity  , we speculate that the proteasome  , which is highly concentrated in the yeast nucleus 41  , acts as the protease responsible for Mps3 cleavage. Noncleavable Mps3 accumulates at the nuclear periphery this study  , indicating that in addition to Mps3 cleavage  , the proteasome activity also regulates Mps3 protein homeostasis at the nuclear membranes.For this purpose we constructed a Rosa26 targeting vector by inserting the 8 kb transgene into a Gateway cloning destination vector 16  , harboring λ-phage attR sites in between the loxP flanked stop element and an IRES-GFP reporter gene Fig. Evidence that the Rosa26 targeting strategy outlined above can be extended to other transgenes was obtained in experiments aiming at the generation of signal-on alleles encoding the immunomodulatory proteins Galectin-1 Lgals1 and PD-L1 Cd274  , linked by a self-cleaving E2A peptide.In terms of subcellular localization  , neither of these two cross-reactive proteins is located in the nuclear region. So far there are no published results linking the protein or gene expression levels of either PDK1 or FERMT3 with the patient response to cisplatin-based chemotherapy.We also demonstrate that fscn1a controls directional migration of the first cranial NC stream through interactions with the chemokine receptor chemokine C-X-C motif receptor 4a cxcr4a and its ligand chemokine C-X-C motif ligand 12b cxcl12b  , or sdf1b. Importantly  , while depletion of residual filopodia in fscn1a null mutants with the F-actin polymerizing inhibitor Latrunculin B enhanced fscn1a-dependent NC derivative defects  , most NC cells still migrated normally  , showing that filopodia are largely dispensable for NC migration.Untreated cells had membranous/cytoplasmic expression of B7-H1 with predominant staining in the cytoplasm close to the nuclear membrane  , possibly the endoplasmic reticulum. We further studied the redistribution of the B7-H1 protein into the cells by staining a monolayer of MDA-MB-231 cells with immunofluorescence labeled B7-H1 and examining the cells under confocal microscope.RB1 is expressed ubiquitously in mammary epithelial cells and typically shows a nuclear staining pattern in normal human breast tissue Figure 4a. RB1 protein expression also tended to be low in basal-like tumours Figure 4b and Table 1  , but this relationship was only near statistical significance p = 0.064.Epidermal growth factor EGF stimulates increased nuclear localization of Jab1 in MDA-MB-231 and MDA-MB-468 breast cancer cell lines. DAPI  , 4'-6-diamidino-2-phenylindole; GAPDH  , glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase; Jab1  , c-Jun activation domain-binding protein-1.Proteins were run on a 10% SDS-polyacrylamide gel and transferred to a PVDF membrane. Cell fractionation was performed using the Qproteome Nuclear Protein Kit Qiagen.List of species and NCBI GenBank accession numbers for sequences used to construct the ten datasets for each of the ten sets of orthologous genes for hypothesis testing. Supplementary Table 2: Taxa and NCBI GenBank accession numbers for loci included in CC chemokine receptor data sets.For nuclear FOXO analysis  , nuclear protein fractions were collected four hours post ETP-45658 or PI-103 treatment. MCF-7 or U2OS cells were treated with the indicated concentrations μM of ETP-45658 or PI-103 for four hours  , then total protein was extracted and immunoblotted.In non-infected plants  , SNC1 levels are tightly controlled at both the transcript and protein level to prevent spurious immune signalling 13. Nuclear localization of EDS1 is necessary for transcriptional reprogramming to trigger SA biosynthesis and other plant defence responses.Accessing finqqained information via path names is tedious and inefficient compared to an associative query access like " AU facts with time stamp 11/05/92 " which is provided by the Merlin data base. via directory path names at least if the update of that information is done immediately  , which is necessary be cause of the requirements given in section 3 of this paper.DAPI  , 4'-6-diamidino-2-phenylindole; GAPDH  , glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase; Jab1  , c-Jun activation domain-binding protein-1. e Increased Jab1 nuclear expression positively correlated to EGF dose.Not all cells express Wldusing our transfection protocol  , as identified by the presence of an eGFP signal Figure 5b ,e. We chose to investigate the nuclear distribution of phosphohistone H2Ax in Wld-transfected HEK293 cells because this protein has a well-established role in the cell cycle 53 ,54 and was among the largest protein changes identified in HEK293 cells Figure 5; see Figures 2 and 4 for phosphohistone H2Ax protein levels in vivo and in vitro.GUN4 is a recently discovered Mg-Proto and Mg-chelatase subunit binding protein that appears to participate in plastid-to-nucleus signaling and chlorophyll synthesis in Arabidopsis 20. Mg-Proto accumulation is a plastid signal that regulates the expression of a large number of nuclear genes encoding proteins localized to the chloroplast 6.Total protein concentration in each lysate was determined with Protein assay Bio-Rad  , Hercules  , California  , United States and adjusted to be equal. The pellet was washed twice with Hypotonic buffer and lysed by sonication in Buffer A containing 100 mM KOAc and 20% glycerol  , followed by centrifugation to obtain the supernatant as a nuclear lysate.RNAP II and tubulin served as nuclear and cytoplasmic markers  , respectively. A and B Protein levels of Ago1  , Ago2  , RNA Polymerase II RNAP II  , and tubulin were detected in whole cell lysate WCL  , nuclear Nuc  , or cytoplasmic extracts Cyto from PC-3 cells A and in Nuc or Cyto fractions from RWPE-1 cells B using protein-specific antibodies.Same amounts of protein were loaded. Please note the tight association of Jacob isoforms with the nuclear protein fraction.Adding an NLS to the recombinases have improved the efficiency of recombinase nuclear targeting and recombination efficiency. Cre protein is one of the few prokaryotic proteins that have been shown to carry these NLS-like determinants.Nuclear protein isolation was done following a published protocol
76. Antibodies used in this experiment were A2BP1 1:500; Abcam and histone 3 1:1 ,000; Abcam.MLINK of the FASTLINK package was used to perform two-point linkage analysis. The genotype data was screened for Mendelian incompatibilities using PEDCHECK  , while MERLIN was used to assess the data for occurrence of double recombination events over short genetic distances  , which are most likely due to genotyping error.The presence of nuclear Annexin A7 in murine brain was confirmed by controls using sections from the AnxA7-/- mouse and by a biochemical extraction of the protein from the nucleus. This property of translocation and membrane binding is common to all annexins and commercially available kits for apoptosis detection employ recombinant AnnexinA5.The absence of p58/59 from rabbit reticulocytes  , which lack nuclei  , favors this possibility. This proteins might be similar or identical to the nuclear polyA-associated protein p60A with as yet unidentified function 72.The best understood nuclear localized BTB protein in plant immunity is NPR1  , the master coactivator of SAR in plants 47  , 48. Previous work in plant innate immunity has indicated that subsets of BTB domain proteins are located within the nucleus.We prepared nuclear extracts from testes of Brca1
Δ11/Δ11
Trp53
+/− males  , which express a mutated BRCA1 protein that lacks a protein domain encoded by exon 11. To examine if ATR phosphorylates chromosome axis proteins during prophase I  , we took advantage of the fact that BRCA1 is required for a subset of ATM/ATR-dependent phosphorylation events 30 and that BRCA1 facilitates the proper distribution of ATR at unsynapsed chromosomal regions during prophase I in meiocytes 13  , 31.According to the reverse recruitment hypothesis 7  , the transcription factors do not move to the highly transcribed genes  , but the highly transcribed genes move to the gene expression machines GEMs  , which are protein complexes with fixed locations in the nuclear periphery. Repressors also bind directly to activators and prevent the recruitment of the transcription machinery 6.Nonetheless both the CDT1 and GEM tags did target the fusion protein for nuclear degradation during a portion of cell cycle  , as predicted  , as HCS analysis showed that total and cytoplasmic mCherry signals were significantly lower in AID-mCherry-CDT1 and AID-mCherry-GEM relative to AID-mCherry transductant populations p = 0; S3 Table and Fig 4C. Furthermore  , immunofluorescence microscopy identified no nuclear signal among cells expressing AID-mCherry-GEM Fig 4B  , in contrast to the strong nuclear signal among some but not all cells expressing AID-mCherry-CDT1 Fig 4B or mAG-GEM S6B Fig.But full length GFP-CIC was nuclear even after EGF stimulation  , and the N-terminal half of the CIC protein was found to be nuclear  , even though it does not bind to importin-α4. In cultured human cells  , EGF stimulated dissociation of human CIC from importin-α4 also known as KPNA3  , an adaptor required for the nuclear import of many proteins.Indeed  , the reduced nuclear PER levels in the face of elevated cytoplasmic PER levels at CT0 provide the most compelling evidence that CK2α is important for nuclear PER localization independent of regulating its cytoplasmic abundance. The overall fraction of nuclear PER is lower Figure 4D  , as more of the PER protein in pdfTik neurons remains sequestered in the cytoplasm Figure 4F.Next  , pCas13a was sub-cloned into the pK2GW7 destination binary vector via Gateway recombination reaction to generate pK2GW7:pCas13a over-expression clones driven by the Cauliflower mosaic virus CaMV 35S promoter Fig. The four overlapping fragments of pCas13a were assembled by unique restriction enzymes to generate a full-length clone flanked by attL1 and attL2 recombination sites  , a nuclear localization signal fused to the C-terminus of the protein  , and a 3x-HA tag fusion at the N-terminus to facilitate protein detection.Previous studies on CCR2  , CCR3 and other CC chemokine receptors have identified the amine-terminus and extracellular domains as being important for both the endogenous ligand-binding functions 36-42 as well as for binding efficacy for pathogens in situations where these receptors have been co-opted as fusion proteins 24 ,43-45. It is interesting to note that in the results obtained for CCR2 and CCR3  , nineteen out of the twenty amino acid sites that are identified as having experienced positive selection are located in the extracellular domains of the chemokine receptor proteins  , suggesting that nonsynonymous substitutions are occurring  , and more often being selected for  , in the ligand binding and pathogen interaction regions of the receptors.These approximate tests have been implemented in various software packages including MERLIN  , GenABEL  , EMMAX  , TASSEL  , FaST-LMM  , Mendel and MMM. These computational considerations have led to the development of several faster approximations for constructing tests of the fixed SNP effects of interest in the linear mixed model 1  , 2  , 9  , 10  , 14.But more recently  , a new class of NLSs has been identified  , known as a proline–tyrosine nuclear localization signal PY-NLS. The best known example is the canonical or classical nuclear localization signal cNLS—a specific sequence that  , when added to a protein  , drives its nuclear localization.As predicted from the finding that VCP binds Wld28  , VCP localization in the nucleus was consistently found in the same nuclear puncta as Wlds protein Figure 11. These experiments revealed an expected cytoplasmic  , non-nuclear localization in wild-type neurons  , but distinct  , strong nuclear puncta in most cerebellar granule cells in Wldmice Figure 11.Nuclear division and cytokinesis are two critical events during the cell cycle  , both of which require protein synthesis 40. It is important to note that the latter three are essential amino acids that cannot be synthesized de novo in humans; thus  , autophagy may be involved in maintaining the pools of these amino acids in human cells.To investigate whether DDB1A protein accumulates in the nucleus  , at least transiently upon DNA stress  , we performed a time course experiment following UV-C exposure. The UV-C dependent nuclear shuttling of DDB1A suggests an upstream level of control of the CUL4-DDB1A-DDB2 complex.Several upstream regulators also change localization during stress  , notably the NaCl-activated Hog1 mitogen-activated protein kinase 74. In contrast  , the rESR activator Sfp1 is nuclear during active growth but ejected from the nucleus and in some cases degraded during stress to decrease RP transcription 27 ,28 ,73.Several correlations with protein features are seen when one groups the MPB fusions according to soluble protein expression levels. There were representatives of nuclear  , cytoplasmic and extra-cellular proteins in all three groupings.A Live image of Foxg1-cherry fusion protein expression red in the animal pole blastoderm in a Tg h2afv:GFPkca66 embryo green at sphere stage shows nuclear arrowhead and cytoplasmic localization of the protein. Foxg1 morpholino knockdown.Cells were pelleted and nuclear protein isolated using a NE-PER kit Pierce  , Thermo Fisher. LetR breast cancer cells were cultured in the presence of metribolone  , a synthetic androgen R1881  , Sigma Aldrich 10 nmol/L or recombinant human PSAP rhPSAP 10 ng/ml for 1 hour.Western blot analysis of a range of cell lines was performed to evaluate if there is an association between elevated levels of PSAP and nuclear AR protein in breast cancer cells. PSAP has been previously reported to induce AR protein in prostate cancer cells 30.These results were also indirectly corroborated by measurement of the sub-cellular nucleus  , cytoplasm  , cytoskeleton and membrane and total protein content see Figure 7. The total amount of protein content/cell was increased by flow and the sub-cellular protein content showed that the largest component of the total cellular protein pool 86.79% was made by cytoskeletal proteins see Figure 7B with cytosolic  , nuclear and membrane protein pools significantly reduced 20.48 to 3.03%; 17.38 to 8.58%; and 3.77 to 1.6% respectively.To determine whether the interactions are DNA dependent  , we treated the nuclear extracts with DNase and found that DNase treatment abolished Ago1-RNAP II association Figure 3B  , 3C  , suggesting that DNA is required for their interaction. Although it is possible that RNA molecules may have been protected from digestion by Ago1 or its associated protein complex 17  , the data implies Ago1-RNAP II interactions are stable following depletion of nuclear single-stranded RNA species.To name a few  , post-translational modifications  , nuclear transport  , protein degradation and controlled release via secretion are among numerous strategies  , which are employed for this purpose. Thus in order to be able to modulate the signaling pathways  , several mechanisms ought to be in place that either potentiate or dampen the response to achieve the appropriate outcome.We found little overlap of the two proteins. However  , we further tested this suggestion by a simultaneous immunofluorescence staining of polytene chromosomes from wild type larvae  , with C1A9 antibody and a specific antibody against the Rrp6 protein which is a nuclear component of the exosome 38.The finding that nuclear STI1 immunoreactivity increases in Wldtransfected HEK293 cells suggests that some stress proteins may exhibit differential compartmental expression via redistribution within Wld-expressing neurons  , rather than simply having altered expression levels. Interestingly  , we previously showed that STI1 protein levels are decreased in synapses protected by the Wldgene in vivo 31.In contrast with the repressive effects of promoter hypermethylation  , hypomethylation events can lead to gene overexpression that can significantly stimulate breast cancer progression and metastasis 37 as well as being an effective molecular indicator of distant metastases 38. In addition  , epigenetic silencing of the lysosomal cysteine protease inhibitor cystatin 6 CST6 is more frequently observed in metastatic lesions than in primary cancers 35 and the epigenetic silencing of the chemokine CXCL12 rather than its receptor CXCR4 contributes to the metastatic potential of mammary carcinoma cells 36.GW-association analysis in the TwinsUK sample was carried out using a score test and variance components to account for twin status  , implemented in the Merlin software package 50. College Station  , TX  , USA BC58.These non-chromatin associated proteins function in nuclear transport  , protein synthesis  , mRNA processing  , vesicle transport  , ubiquitination  , signal transduction  , metabolic processes  , chromosome segregation  , and cytoskeleton structure. Nevertheless  , 40 of the 61 candidates with defects in integration have no established association with chromatin Table 1.In contrast  , TBP  , TFIIB and Pol II are only modestly affected in either knockdown especially when taking into consideration the loading control Nuclear RNA export factor 1 NXF1. MOF protein levels appear affected upon MBD-R2 depletion but not in NSL1 or NSL3 knockdowns.RS-domain containing proteins are known to regulate many aspects of RNA processing  , including splicing  , transcript elongation  , transcript stability  , nuclear export and miRNA cleavage as well as genome stability  , reviewed in 17. Sfswap encodes an RS-domain containing SR-Like protein that is a putative splicing factor.Nuclear DNA is marked by DAPI staining blue A cic-HA overexpressing midgut. HA-tagged Cic or CicΔC2 protein was detected by anti-HA antibody red.For CCR2  , the comparison between a null neutral site model which does not allow positive selection M1a and a selection site model M2a yielded a likelihood ratio test statistic of 5.45  , which did not allow for rejection of the null hypothesis of neutral selection. When testing the hypothesis that some codon sites within chemokine receptor coding sequences have experienced positive selection pressure  , significant results were obtained for some codons within the genes CCR2 and CCR3 Table 1.In most deuterostomes  , a single copy of FUSEBP Noto9 was found  , while 3 FUSEBPs were found in mammalian genomes as well as in Oikopleura. We therefore rooted the tree with various deuterostome heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein K HNRNPK protein sequences as outgroups.Together with the actions from Cdc31 and Kar1  , Sfi1 tethers duplicated SPBs to generate a side-by-side SPB configuration Fig 1A. The current model for SPB linkage posits that at the cytoplasmic side of the nuclear envelope  , Sfi1 forms protein dimers that span the entire bridge to mediate SPB cohesion 17  , 18.The purification of Mediator from a strain lacking the MED19 subunit 48 led to the demonstration that MED19/Rox3 regulated intermodule interactions in the S. cerevisiae Mediator complex. The nuclear localisation of this protein and the nonviability of null mutants suggest that the MED19/Rox3 protein is a general regulatory factor 47.For TP53  , heterogeneous expression of the protein was considered normal  , while overexpression or loss of nuclear staining in tumor cells compared to the expression of non-neoplastic cells was considered aberrant. Immunohistochemical stainings are shown with 10×20 magnification and FISH stainings with 10×63 magnification.To analyze Ago protein distribution in only the nuclear compartment  , we performed IF on isolated nuclei from the HA-Ago1 and HA-Ago2 stable cell lines. This data indicates Ago1 and Ago2 have different nuclear localization patterns  , which may reflect differences in their nuclear function.In most cells  , Ku70 and Ku80 proteins were detected in both the nuclear and the cytoplasmic fraction  , with the exception of MCF-7 and HepG2 cell lines where Ku80 was exclusively nuclear. Figure 2 presents Ku70  , Ku80 AP-2α  , AP-2γ  , and p185-erbB2 protein levels in the cytoplasmic and the nuclear fractions of breast cancer BT-474  , SKBR3  , ZR-75.1  , MCF-7  , MDA-MB-231  , colon cancer HCT-116 and hepatoma HepG2 cell lines.A complete conservation of drsh-1 gene in all analyzed flatworms was observed  , consistent with its central role in miRNA biogenesis Fig. Similarly  , the nuclear protein Drosha Drsh-1  , involved in the generation of miRNA precursors  , belongs to this group of ribonucleases.G PCR of nuclear genomic globin and mitochondrial COX2 DNA showing unchanged ratio in Hand1 elevating neonatal hearts and Hand1-transfected HL1 cells compared with controls  , implying no change in mitochondrial number. F Western blot of protein extract from cultured HL1 cardiomyocytes nontransfected “control” and transfected with PGC1-α and HIF1  , showing no elevation of Hand1 in PGC1-α elevated PGC1α and Hand1 but not Hand2 protein expression in HIF1 expressing cells.MRPS34 and MRPL44 protein levels were investigated in mitochondria isolated from hearts and livers of Mrps34
 and Mrps34
 mice by immunoblotting. C Mutation in the nuclear gene encoding the mitochondrial MRPS34 protein leads to its decreased abundance.The interpretation algorithm based on the introduced storage representation is outlined in section 6. Section 5 describes the &ta model and the underlying data base used to manipulate the Merlin knowledge base.During a large-scale characterization of the expression patterns of zebrafish chemokine GPCRs SW and LSK  , unpublished  , we identified the ccr7 ortholog Chemokine C-C motif receptor 7 Figure S1A; 38 among GPCRs expressed during gastrulation. Most exhibited minor Class V1 or stronger axial defects V2/boz-like; with reduced notochord  , frequent cyclopia  , but retaining some head structures  , whereas in more severe cases V3  , the anterior head structures and notochord were completely absent Figure 1Ba–b  , similar to the phenotypes reported for strong boz
41 and boz;sqt double mutants 42 ,43 or embryos overexpressing BMP ligands 40.This enables to keep @nters to potentially executable rules analogous to the ECorrRule edges in Merlin cf. KBFS88 .With XVCL  , we generated the same Buffer library classes from compact  , non-redundant meta-components whose size  , in LOC  , is just 40% of the original library. We analyzed a recently released Java Buffer library  , JDK 1.4 Merlin and found many redundancies – the same or very similar code fragments recurring in may places.Please refer to Additional file
7 for details. Nuclear protein isolation was done following a published protocol
76.Though the quantification of the nuclear STAT levels indicated presence of a gradient  , analogous to the 10XSTAT-GFP reporter  , the staining intensity was lower Fig 2F  , 2G and 2I. By contrast  , in the Inx2-depleted follicle cells  , the nuclear enrichment of STAT protein was weak and in some instances quite diffuse Fig 2D–2E.Out of the 5085 genes available on the GenBank fasta files provided to merlin  , 2000 genes were revised. Figure
4 discretises the main outcomes of this process.Human Atx2 is unusual among the ataxins in that it is almost exclusively a cytoplasmic protein  , although it has been identified in nuclear inclusions in SCA3 post-mortem brain 25. The PAM2 motif of Atx2 mediates its interaction with polyA-binding protein PABP  , and the Atx3 phenotype was sensitive to PABP dosage.Before their separation  , animal centrosomes are also attached to  , although not embedded in  , the nuclear envelope in a SUN-domain-protein-dependent manner 45. Alternatively  , SUN-1 could be cleaved at its N-terminus  , similar to our observation of Mps3 cleavage during yeast meiosis.Downregulation of specific GDNF target genes in Mek1/2-deficient UBs suggested that MAPK pathway is an important intracellular mediator of RET signaling. In situ hybridization of ten GDNF/RET target genes in control and dko kidneys Figures 5A–E and S3 revealed reduction in chemokine receptor Cxcr4 and in Spry1  , a negative regulator of RTK signaling  , which exerts its action at least partially by blocking MAPK pathway 35.These mRNAs were found to encode a putative nuclear protein of 8 kD  , named VMCH-p8  , that was only identified using in vitro translation systems or transfected cell models 27. Furthermore  , processed and unprocessed transcripts were characterized in a human fetal brain library 19 as well as in developing human brain 27.Associations in the Chuvasha sample were tested using pedigree disequilibrium test PDT 54. Analyses were carried out using a score test implemented in the Merlin software.Protein associated with biotinylated Pint or the anti-sense control RNA incubated with nuclear extracts. E In vitro interaction of Pint with Polycomb repressive complex 2 PRC2.However  , previous immunocytochemistry studies indicated that the subcellular localization for PCYT1A is dynamically regulated under different physiological conditions and it can switch between an inactive soluble or cytoplasmic form to an active  , membrane-bound species within the nucleus
27. The 8F1 cross-reactive protein  , PCYT1A  , is a nuclear membrane protein.H To further confirm this  , a similar section derived from an AnxA7-/- mouse was stained with the annexin specific antibody and lacked the nuclear signal. G Higher magnification of the pyramidal neurons in the hippocampus confirms the presence of the Annexin A7 protein in the nucleus arrowhead of mature neurons.This is consistent with the previously ascribed roles for its partner KAP1 in regulating zinc finger protein genes via 3′exons 26 and the silencing of endogenous retroviral elements  , such as intracisternal A particles  , in ES cells 27. Amongst repeat elements  , ZFP57 peaks were depleted at SINEs short interspersed nuclear elements and LINEs long interspersed nuclear elements but not long terminal repeat LTR elements  , including five enriched intracisternal A particles column W in Additional file 2.These included the chemokines Macrophage inflammatory protein-1β Ccl4/Mip-1β  , a chemoattractant for NK-cells and monocytes 27  , macrophage inflammatory protein-1α Ccl3/Mip-1α which is involved in the recruitment and activation of polymorphonuclear leukocytes and has been shown to be induced by LPS treatment in fetal microglia 28  , Cxcl10  , which may induce neuronal apoptosis 29 and the chemokine receptor Ccrl2. Stimulation of slice cultures with LPS induced a number of genes coding for effector proteins that activate the function of immune cells and coordinate various effector cells of innate immunity in the brain.We therefore tested whether CCR1 expression by cancer cells was critical for some of the tumor supportive functions of fibroblasts by stably expressing shRNAs targeting CCR1 in Cal51 breast cancer cell line knockdown efficiency was quantified by both qRT-PCR and immunoblotting  , Figure S6. Co-culturing also lead to changes in gene expression in the breast cancer cells  , which upregulated a shared receptor for CCL2 and CCL7  , the chemokine receptor CCR1 upon co-culturing with tumor-supportive fibroblasts Figure 7.We consider the first possibility unlikely because EMR-1  , a transmembrane domain-containing protein  , had never been visualized in the nuclear interior 37 ,38. These data support the idea that EMR-1 and LEM-2 could recruit transcription or chromatin remodeling factors that inhibit LMN-1 association with a subset of ‘EMR-1 only’ genomic locations.ERKs have a wide variety of nuclear and cytosolic targets including cyclin D1 and focal adhesion FA scaffold protein paxillin  , which also associates with MEK 23  , 24. The activation of RAF kinases leads to rather linear signal transduction upon phosphorylation of dual-specificity protein kinases MEK1 and −2  , which in turn phosphorylate ERK1 and −2 presently their only known substrates 22.It has been suggested that Cut11p  , a transmembrane protein similar to budding yeast Ndc1p  , might participate in SPB anchoring during mitosis. Because the SPBs move in and out of the nuclear membrane  , depending on the mitotic phase  , this process likely relies on a tightly regulated membrane-anchoring system.Analyses were carried out using a score test implemented in the Merlin software. Associations in the TwinsUK set were tested on the combined sample of GWAS and replication genotypes  , for all samples with skeletal measurements available n = 2 ,375.To study PARP1 protein nuclear localization during Drosophila development  , we used Drosophila stock ubiquitously expressing PARP1-DsRed recombinant protein. Moreover  , co-immunostaining of wild-type Drosophila tissues demonstrated strong colocalization of pADPr and Coilin protein Figure 1C Taken together  , these observations suggest that PARP1 protein  , as well as polyADP-ribosylated proteins  , are residents of CB and HLB in Drosophila.The most prevalent form of DOA is caused by heterozygous mutations in the nuclear encoded  , but mitochondrially targeted  , Opa1 protein 2 ,3. DOA is a progressive eye disease caused by degeneration of the retinal ganglion cell layer with ascending atrophy of the optic nerve 1.The complex genetic component of RA etiology was further demonstrated by the discovery of multiple polymorphisms  , for example in genes of the chemokine receptor 5 CCR5 73 and of HLA-DRB1 74  , conferring high risk susceptibility. For example  , LGALS3 69 ,70  , GZMA 71  , and the S100 calcium binding protein A4 S100A4 72 have been described as highly expressed in the synovial tissue and at sites of joint destruction contributing to the inflammatory process.Ago1-bound sequences contained putative miRNA target sites and its binding activity to RNAP II was suppressed by perturbing Dicer function; an essential protein involved in miRNA maturation. Our analyses imply that miRNA may be involved in mediating interactions between nuclear Ago1  , chromatin  , and/or RNAP II.Since dynamic nuclear deformations require the putative KASH protein  , Csm4 94  , we reasoned that addition of Lat B to csm4Δ or csm4Δ ndj1Δ would have little or no effect on the kinetics or absolute levels of pairing. In the absence of Ndj1  , there is a considerable degree of Lat B-sensitive dynamic nuclear deformation 94.The nuclear foci that contain Tif1γ do not colocalize with two markers of heterochromatin  , HP1α protein and DAPI staining of DNA Figure 6A. Thus  , localization or expression of the TIF1 proteins may be regulated during distinct developmental processes or by environmental cues.Strikingly  , we found that the nuclear organization of heterochromatin appeared abnormal in the nuclei of Chaf1a−/ embryos. These data evidence a key role for p150CAF-1 during pre-implantation development  , and reveal that this protein is required for the proper 3-D organization of heterochromatin within embryonic cell nuclei.The nuclear accumulation of Jacob-GFP  , however  , was not seen in neurons transfected with the ΔNLS mutant Jacob-GFP construct Figure 6E and 6F  , suggesting that the presence of the binding site for Importin-α1 is a prerequisite for Jacob's nuclear accumulation. Glutamate stimulation of WT-Jacob-GFP–transfected cultures kept in the presence of anisomycin resulted in an increase of somatic and nuclear GFP fluorescence with a time course comparable to that of the endogenous protein Figure 6A–6D.The absence of a vegetative phenotype in Eve::VcMID-BH transgenic lines despite constitutive expression of the VcMID-BH mRNA Figure S2 suggested that VcMid protein expression or localization might be under posttranscriptional control. However  , nuclear VcMid-BH was not detected during early stages of sexual male embryogenesis prior to androgonidia cleavage Figure S7.Phosphorylation at this site is modulated by the protein phosphatase  , PP2A  , a key signaling molecule  , targets of which include cell cycle regulators. By analysis of the phosphomimetic mutant  , AIDS3D  , we showed that modification at this position regulates AID nuclear abundance and the rate of AID nuclear degradation in G1 phase Fig 3.For proteins of the “ribosome synthesis” category  , if applicable  , a reference linking the homologous yeast protein to ribosome biogenesis is given. Targets are sorted according to the following categories: ribosomal proteins  , NPC components  , nuclear transport  , ribosome synthesis  , and a miscellaneous group.Ran is an abundant Ras-like GTPase  , which plays a role in multiple cellular processes  , including modulation of nucleo-cytoplasmic transport of macromolecules larger than ~40 kDa across the nuclear envelope 38. DZANK1 protein sequence analysis predicted the presence of two ZNF_RBZ domains and their interaction with RanGDP rather than their involvement in transcription.A band corresponding to FLAG-tagged protein is clearly evident in both immunopurified fractions  , confirming the efficiency of transfection and immunopurification. Figure 7A reports the western blot analysis of nuclear extracts and lysates obtained from HP1a and GFP transfected cells using anti-FLAG antibody.The absence of a clear classical chemokine CCRs  , CXCRs receptor ortholog in Ciona agrees with previous finding that the evolution of chemokine receptors arose after the split of the vertebrates from the protochordate lineage 35. It is possible that these are highly divergent homologs of the chemokine receptor cluster genes.Hence  , two projects were initiated with merlin  , allowing the software tool to use all data available in the NCBI database nrDB to annotate the Kluyveromyces lactis genome in the first project  , while for the later project only data from the NCBI’s yeastDB were used. Thus  , the baker’s yeast was selected as a reference organism for the EC numbers annotation because the two microorganisms share the phylogenetic lineage all the way to the taxonomic family level and S. cerevisiae is the best studied  , annotated and curated Fungus.We searched for homologous genes using BLASTP 1e–5 and manually checked for short proteins that usually have higher e-values. The reference nuclear genes of protein complexes from Saccharomyces cerevisiae or Neurospora crassa were used to identify homologous sequences in the R. oryzae proteome.Interestingly  , a transcript that we found to correspond to Pint was previously identified in a genome-wide screen by RNA immunoprecipitation sequencing RIP-seq for PRC2-interacting RNAs in mouse embryonic stem cells 26. Because many lincRNAs have been found to be associated with nuclear protein complexes 7 ,8 ,10  , we hypothesized that this could be the case for Pint.The matK dataset comprised 892 characters  , 815 of which were constant  , 22 variable but parsimony-uninformative  , 55 variable and parsimony-informative. Five chloroplast matK  , rpl16  , rps16  , trnLF and trnH-psbA and one nuclear translin family protein  , tfp markers were sequenced in this study for phylogenetic analyses.Nuclear PPR protein genes encoding organelle RNA editing factors appear to disintegrate quickly after loss of their targets in plant chloroplasts. Ever more genomic sequences will offer vast data sets to study this molecular co-evolution across different genetic systems but will need to rely on novel bioinformatic tools and careful inspection and analyses of available data.We expressed this new fusion construct cyto-ALPP in COS-7 cells and analyzed its association to the ER. Previously we demonstrated that frame shifted MHC SSCR  , which encodes a soluble cytoplasmic i.e.  , not ER-targeted polypeptide  , promotes efficient nuclear mRNA export but not ER-targeting of either the mRNA or the encoded protein 30.For all proteins  , however  , a portion is present in the cytosolic fraction S2  , which is consistent with the cytoplasmic staining we observe. A large fraction of each PcG protein is in the chromatin pellet P3 and soluble nuclear fraction S3 in control cells  , Figure 2G–2H  , Table 1.The isolated proteins were analyzed by Western blotting using anti-PKCδ antibody. The cytoplasmic  , nuclear and mitochondrial protein fractions from normal and SCA10 cells were isolated using the mitochondria isolation kit and Sub-cellular Protein Fractionation kits Thermo Scientific-Pierce.The process engine is that part of the Merlin ezwironment which enables to define a software process in an executable language and which builds and refreshes user's working contexts by executing the given process definition. A process engine's major job is thus to evaluate all preconditions and to re fresh all displayed working contexts accordingly.Extraction  , PCR and sequencing protocols follow 45. In the present study we combined one nuclear protein-coding gene F2 copy of elongation factor-1a  , EF-1a  , two mitochondrial protein-coding genes Cytochrome oxydase I  , COI and Cytochrome b  , Cytb and 28S rRNA D2-D3 and D4-D5 expansion regions.And they went on to show that HIV uses these components of the chemokine receptor pathway to disrupt T cell migration. They found that Nef in fact activates Rac by binding to the DOCK2–ELMO1 complex.Treatment with hydroxytamoxifen 4OHT triggers nuclear localisation of the enzyme and induces DSBs at defined genomic loci  , enabling ChIP analyses of protein recruitment at DSBs 10. We recently developed a human cell line that stably expresses an AsiSI-ER fusion restriction enzyme the AsiSI-ER-U20S cell line.B Immunoblot shows BTG1 protein levels from pcDNA3.1 vectors expressing HA-BTG1 WT and HA-BTG1-Trunc Tr upon transfection in HEK293 cells in the absence or presence of 5 µM MG132 for 16 hrs. The conserved BoxA  , BoxB and BoxC domains as well as the nuclear hormone receptor interaction residues LxxLL are indicated.Customization means to define the specific roles  , the specific ways of coordination and cooperation  , i.e. It is worthwhile to note that the Merlin rulebased descri~ tion mechanism allows ample flexibility to customize an environment towards particular company's or even project's needs.In the present study we combined one nuclear protein-coding gene F2 copy of elongation factor-1a  , EF-1a  , two mitochondrial protein-coding genes Cytochrome oxydase I  , COI and Cytochrome b  , Cytb and 28S rRNA D2-D3 and D4-D5 expansion regions. A high definition image library of vouchers was also constructed  , using EntoVision Premium Portable Imaging System  , to allow future identification of specific taxa and traceability of our results see Figures 4  , 5 for examples.Therefore  , lessons learned from yeast centrosome separation mediated by irreversible protein cleavage have implications for understanding the regulation of centrosome disjunction and other SUN-domain protein-mediated nuclear activities in all eukaryotes. Before their separation  , animal centrosomes are also attached to  , although not embedded in  , the nuclear envelope in a SUN-domain-protein-dependent manner 45.Nucleotide alignments of chemokine receptor sequences were generated using amino acid sequence alignments and the software program TranAlign 59. Models used for analyses are summarized in Additional File 3.In contrast to human/yeast orthologs  , ICA1 encodes two tandemly repeated units of Thg1 within the protein and is known to be nuclear localized 37 S4A Fig. ICA1 encodes a universal protein belonging to the tRNAHis guanylyl transferase Thg1 super-family 34 ,36.Some 'cryptic' RNA polymerase II products are removed within the nucleus through a highly conserved process utilizing a unique polyA polymerase and the nuclear exosome 51. Very little is known of the mechanisms that prevent inappropriate protein production from intergenic transcripts.As it does not offer support for various locking modes on different levels of granularity and as it has no appropriate support for distribution and multi-user access we are cmently porting the Merlin system to a fully object-oriented system. section 5 does offer very sophisticated facilities for storing and retrieving fin~grained information items  , we selected it as the basis for our first implementation.γ-secretase-independent functions of the PSEN proteins have also been described  , including regulation of protein localization  , apoptosis  , calcium homoeostasis  , and Wnt signal transduction 1 ,3. A common theme in γ-secretase mediated proteolytic processing is the generation of intracellular C-terminal domains  , which migrates to the nuclear compartment to regulate expression of target genes.EGR  , early growth response; NF-κB  , nuclear factor-κB; STAT  , signal transducer and activator of transcription. †Significantly lower frequency of the activator protein AP-1 binding motif when compared with the vertebrate promoters.In principle  , constructing and refreshing working contexts are based on the definition of activities and corresponding objects which are manipulated by performing the activities . The process engine is that part of the Merlin ezwironment which enables to define a software process in an executable language and which builds and refreshes user's working contexts by executing the given process definition.Each cluster contains a list of rules who have ideatical names  , i.e. The notable Merlin extensions include firstly to organise rules in clusters.This connection between the rule call and the heads of the corresponding rules is the main mason for the efficient execution of the Merlin backward chaining rules. 6.1.FNE  , fat body nuclear extracts; nL  , non-specific long competitor; nS  , non-specific short competitor. Probe LP was incubated with nuclear protein extracts in the absence of a competitor lane 2 or in the presence of a 100-fold concentration of a possible competitor  , including unlabeled LP  , nL  , LP1  , and nS lanes 3–6.It could be that the mutant lamin A protein weakens the nuclear lamina and in that way reduces the resistance of the cells of HGPS patients to the types of mechanical stress encountered in the body  , heralding cellular dysfunction and death. Two hypotheses rapidly emerged based on what cell biologists had learned about this intensely studied protein in the last two decades.When transfected into COS-7 cells  , Grg3 forms nuclear bodies  , Grg5 is seen in both the nucleus and the cytoplasm and Sox2 exhibits diffuse staining restricted to the nucleus Figure 
2A  , see Additional file
4: Figure S1A. We analysed Grg5 and Grg3 as a representative full length Grg protein.Upon separation into nuclear and cytoplasmic fractions  , the bands could be seen to be almost exclusively associated with the nuclear fraction 
Figure 2B  , lower panel  , suggesting that human MAU-2  , like delangin  , is a nuclear protein. As seen in
Figure 2B  , upper panel  , the two prominent bands in the expected size range shown by arrows appeared to be specific to MAU-2 and could represent alternative isoforms or be attributable to post-translational differences.In the Sandhoff disease mouse model 46  , microglial activation was shown to precede neurodegeneration and was associated with upregulation of macrophage markers CD68/macrosialin  , galectin 3  , cathepsins S and C  , Mpeg1  , and glycoprotein49a  , which we also observed. Many of the most striking gene changes were also observed in our data set: for example  , prominent upregulation of CD68/macrosialin  , complement components C4 and C1q  , lysozyme  , cathepsins C  , H  , S  , and Z  , DAP12/tyrobp  , Mpeg1  , serpina3n  , and GFAP were reported.As shown in Figure 7  , in contrast to its exclusive localization in the nuclear speckles in the wild type  , HOS5 was mislocalized in nearly 80% of the protoplast cells of the fry2-1 mutant. Whereas the localization of the FRY2 protein in the hos5-1 mutant was not altered data not shown  , we found that most of the HOS5 protein was mislocalized in the fry2-1 mutant.Systematic exploration of tumor–immune interactions revealed cancer genetic alterations and chemokine/receptor expression networks are potential regulators of immune cell infiltration heterogeneity. We identified widespread clinical associations of different immune cell types in multiple cancers.Together  , the two proteins hijack RNAs in the cytoplasm  , synthesize retrocopies  , and integrate the resultant transcripts into the nuclear genome Esnault et al. 1996 activities and an RNA-binding protein Hohjoh and Singer 1997.AKT  , or mitogen-activated protein kinases MAPK  , phosphorylate FOXOs at specific sites  , causing its nuclear exclusion and degradation 23 ,26. Perturbation of FOXO’s function deregulates cell proliferation and leads to accumulation of DNA damage 23 ,25.Cytoplasmic and nuclear fractions were obtained using sucrose gradients as described 81. After 20 min centrifugation at 14 ,000 g at 4°C  , the supernatant was collected and protein concentrations were measured using BioRad Protein Assay.Co-culturing also lead to changes in gene expression in the breast cancer cells  , which upregulated a shared receptor for CCL2 and CCL7  , the chemokine receptor CCR1 upon co-culturing with tumor-supportive fibroblasts Figure 7. Thus  , expression of CCR1 by cancer cells plays a critical role in enabling fibroblasts to exert tumor supportive function  , through increased tumor cell proliferation and potentially indirectly through recruitment of leukocytes.Both fractions  , obtained from HP1a and GFP transfected cells  , were immunopurified using anti-FLAG monoclonal antibodies and protein G-coated magnetic beads. Immunopurification was done on either soluble nuclear extract  , corresponding to the nucleoplasmic fraction  , or total nuclear lysate  , corresponding to a soluble chromatin fraction.Other retroviruses  , like HIV and so-called pararetroviruses  , enlist protein escorts that help them slip through undetected. The murine leukemia virus a retrovirus  , for example  , waits until the nuclear membrane degrades during cell division.When the purpose of performing BLAST similarity searches is to retrieve metabolic information for a genome re-annotation  , the output of a BLAST similarity search can be too minimalistic and very confusing. To retrieve enzymatic information  , merlin performs remote BLAST similarity searches to the NCBI databases.The PAM2 motif of Atx2 mediates its interaction with polyA-binding protein PABP  , and the Atx3 phenotype was sensitive to PABP dosage. This finding mirrors that of Botas and colleagues in PLoS Genetics  , who in addition showed that forced nuclear expression of dAtx2 enhanced its toxicity 13.The result clearly demonstrated that transient expression  , and in particular  , targeting the protein of a nuclear gene to the chloroplast  , results in the best yield of recombinant p17/p24. The protein seemed to be relatively stable in these studies; however  , results from transgenic plants showed higher recombinant protein yields in the young leaves than in the older  , suggesting active turnover in the leaves rather than passive accumulation – in contrast to results for production of HPV-16 L1 protein 52.Potential inhibition of CO by miP1a/b could either be as a result of preventing the CO protein from entering the nucleus  , or by attenuating DNA-binding of CO. To determine if miP1a/b can retain CO in the cytoplasm  , we transiently co-transformed tobacco leaves with fusions of CO to the green fluorescent protein GFP and fusions of miP1a  , miP1b and miP1a* to the red fluorescent protein RFP. Taken together  , these results demonstrate that miP1a/b and CO are able to physically interact in planta through their B-Box domains and that these interactions do not inhibit nuclear localization of CO.Despite these discoveries  , we still know very little about the molecular mechanisms of phenotypic robustness  , especially that of plant reproductive traits. A nuclear protein RPL1 RICE PLASTICITY1 in rice also appears to promote the relatively stable plant architecture and panicle structure between different environments 30.The link between aging and nuclear organization was further strengthened by the observation that the localization of the protein and the morphology of the nucleolus itself changed as yeast cells aged. The first hint to a surprising connection between nuclear architecture and aging came from yeast  , when Leonard Guarente and colleagues found that a protein  , Sir4  , whose mutation results in extension of life span  , localizes to the nucleolus  , one of the most prominent subcompartments of the cell nucleus 4.Evidence that the Rosa26 targeting strategy outlined above can be extended to other transgenes was obtained in experiments aiming at the generation of signal-on alleles encoding the immunomodulatory proteins Galectin-1 Lgals1 and PD-L1 Cd274  , linked by a self-cleaving E2A peptide. The two founder mutants are presently bred for germline transmission of the targeted Rosa26LSL-Lgals/Cd274 allele.Pulled down material was detected by Western blotting using antibodies against ISWI  , Hrb87F  , Pep and Sqd; Tubulin Tub was used as the loading control. D Immobilized hsrω-n ncRNA and a generic control RNA were used as baits to pull down protein complexes from native larval nuclear extracts.Drosophila stock expressing Nuclear-GFP protein was used. Co-immunoprecipitation assays using rabbit anti-GFP antibody.Bioinformatic analysis of the
C. elegans MAU-2 protein sequence and its human and
D. melanogster orthologs fails to identify any such sequences 
37 and unpublished data  , and a green fluorescent protein GFP-MAU-2 fusion protein was previously found to be located in the cytoplasm 
37. Nipped-B and vertebrate delangins are predicted to have multiple nuclear localization sequences see
Materials and Methods  , and in accordance with bioinformatics predictions both Nipped-B 
24 and delangin 
Figure 2A  , top panels are nuclear proteins.Hajibabaei  , Xia  , and Drouin 58 showed  , for nine genes four plastid  , three nuclear  , and two mitochondrial  , that the average pairwise distances between gnetophytes and non-gnetophyes were significantly higher than average pairwise distances among the non-gnetophytes. Earlier work  , based on limited numbers of genes 15 ,62-64  , has consistently found gnetophytes to have higher rates of sequence evolution in genes from each of the three compartments plastid  , mitochondrial and nuclear genomes and in both ribosomal and protein-coding genes.To generate an effective immune response  , it is crucial that T cells travel to sites within lymphatic tissues where they interact with other lymphocytes. And they went on to show that HIV uses these components of the chemokine receptor pathway to disrupt T cell migration.Actinopterygian and amphibian genomes show lineage-specific duplications of Gal-1. By comparing protein sequences and syntenic regions  , we have shown that the divergence between Gal-1A and Gal-1B  , the two functionally specialized homologs of the prototype galectin Gal-1  , extends across the sauropsid clade.The VirE2 protein is involved in this process by protecting the ssDNA from nuclease degradation and by mediating nuclear import 2. The Agrobacterium pathogenesis mechanism allows for the efficient transfer of long ssDNA molecules into eukaryotic cells 2.In previous studies we showed that the nuclear DNA coded Drosophila translocator protein 18kDa dTSPO  , CG2789 is localized in outer mitochondrial membrane OMM and important for regulating mitochondria bioenergetics  , ROS production  , caspase activity  , and apoptotic function 20. Thus we hypothesized the TSPO may be an important factor in addiction to ethanol.Taken together  , our studies demonstrate that Tif1γ is required for normal erythroid cell development and survival. Tif1γ protein localizes to a novel class of nuclear bodies in both primary mouse embryo fibroblasts and erythroleukemia cell lines.Further experimental evidence demonstrated that the immunoassay performance for 2E12 clone is actually even better than 4F9 clone and exhibits much stronger binding affinity towards ERCC1 protein in native cell lines Figure S6. Figure
7 shows that these two clones exhibit very distinct nuclear staining.The Drosophila WASH protein was recently identified as a component of a nuclear complex containing various transcriptional factors and chromatin modifiers 34. It is therefore likely that WASH also has both nuclear and cytoplasmic functions.After 3 h of internalization  , the recombinant SET protein  , which possesses a nuclear targeting sequence  , was mostly concentrated in the cell body around the nucleus and had started to move inside the nucleus Figure 
2A. We detected the 49 kDa recombinant SET protein by immunocytochemistry with an anti-HA antibody and analyzed its distribution by confocal microscopy.One-hundred microliters of protein G-Sepharose Sigma suspension 50% packed Sepharose in Buffer C was added and the incubation was continued overnight as described. For RNA immunopreciptation  , the nuclear extract was incubated with 50 µg of monoclonal C1A9 anti-HP1a antibody at 4°C overnight under continuous gentle movement.The data indicate that the new IBs are potent tools to study the individual role of each enzyme in cell migration and tumor progression of different tumors. SynCAM-1  , Neuropilin-2  , the chemokine receptor CCR7  , and E-selectin ligand-1 68–71.CXCR5 is a receptor for the CXCL13 chemokine  , for which we recently showed that genomic instability is a mechanism associated with intratumoral Tfh and B-cell infiltration in CRC 13. Clinical trials of blocking monoclonal antibodies against CTLA4 and PD-1 are currently underway for a variety of epithelial malignancies  , including CRC 34.In comparison  , AP-2α and AP-2γ factors were detected only in the nuclear fraction of BT-474  , SKBR3 and ZR-75.1 breast cancer cells that overexpress p185-erbB2 protein. In most cells  , Ku70 and Ku80 proteins were detected in both the nuclear and the cytoplasmic fraction  , with the exception of MCF-7 and HepG2 cell lines where Ku80 was exclusively nuclear.TENR is expressed primarily in testis and KIAA1109 transcripts are ubiquitous  , hence their roles in autoimmunity are not particularly compelling. The long region of LD at chromosome 4q27 contains several genes 46: Testis nuclear RNA-binding protein TENR  , a gene encoding a protein of unknown function KIAA1109  , and genes encoding the interleukin-2 IL2 and interleukin-21 IL21 cytokines.Zipper interacting protein kinase ZIPK  , also called DAPK3 or DAPK like kinase DLK is a member of the death associated protein kinase DAPK family. In ZIPK  , it comprises several putative nuclear localization signal NLS sequences and a leucine zipper domain  , required for homo-oligomerization  , interaction with other leucine zipper–containing proteins  , and also critical for its death-promoting effects 2–5.For example  , the gene for chemokine receptor 1 CCr1  , a receptor for several chemokines including MIP-1α  , CCL5 and Scya7  , is expressed as early as 3 hours post-wounding  , with expression levels peaking by 12 hours. Both the early and late inflammatory clusters contain chemokine and growth factor receptors unique to leukocytes  , and presumably used by these cells to detect various chemotactic cues that will guide them to the wound site.The most abundant structural elements in kinetochore proteins are coiled coils  , which are known to function in protein-protein association 73 and act as springs and levers 74. This stands in contrast to the situation in nuclear pore complexes  , in which highly conserved and recognizable domains correspond to key functional units 72.Additionally  , the eight-bladed WD-repeat β-propeller protein Sqt1 and the predicted WD-repeat β-propeller protein Rrb1 are dedicated chaperones of Rpl10 uL16 and Rpl3 uL3  , respectively 36 ,37 ,38 ,39 ,40. The transport adaptor Syo1 binds simultaneously to Rpl5 uL18 and Rpl11 uL5 and mediates  , upon nuclear import of the trimeric complex via the transport receptor Kap104  , their synchronized delivery to the 5S rRNA by serving as a 5S RNP assembly platform 19 ,34 ,35.We demonstrate that the Wnt-regulator Idax represses Ath5 in vivo  , consistent with the notion that repression of Wnt signaling is required for the progression of neurogenesis 54. It is likely that the zinc finger protein Zfp-161 represents a more direct transcriptional regulator of Ath5  , based on its protein structure  , its nuclear localization  , and the clear dose-response.A search of the S. minutum nuclear genome was able to identify only one further component of the protein import apparatus  , Tim17. 2013.B Western blot analysis of liver nuclear extracts from LAP-tTA/TRE-Rev-erbα mice that were fed with normal chow −Dox or Dox-treated chow +Dox. The varying mPER1 migration is probably due to oscillating protein phosphorylation and dephosphorylation see 18.The main advantages and key distinguishing features of the Merlin approach as compared to other ruldmed process-centered software development environments like MARVEL KBFS88 or OIKOS ACM90  , are the persistent storage of a process combined with its efficient and flexible interpretation of backward and forward chaining rules. We  , therefore  , compare our approach with other approaches which also use a rule-based formalism .The mitochondrial protein-coding genes must be finely regulated by many different nuclear proteins  , most of which are PPR proteins. Although the mitochondrial genome contains only about 40 genes  , >2000 proteins have been identified in mitochondria 33.Alexa Fluor633-conjugated phalloidin  , 4 ,4-difluoro-1 ,3 ,5 ,7 ,8-pentamethyl-4-bora-3a  , 4a-diaza-s-indacene Bodipy 493/503  , Bodipy-TR BTR ceramide  , and the secondary Abs Alexa Fluor®-594 Fab2 fragments of goat anti-rabbit and goat anti-mouse IgG H+L were purchased from Molecular Probes Inc. now part of Invitrogen Corporation  , Carlsbad  , CA  , USA; mouse anti-β-actin and anti-vimentin Abs from Sigma-Aldrich; rabbit polyclonal anti-HER2  , anti-E-cadherin  , and anti-N-cadherin and mouse monoclonal anti-MFG-E8 from Santa Cruz Biotechnology  , Inc. Santa Cruz  , CA  , USA; monoclonal anti-galectin-3 and anti-β-casein Abs from Abcam Cambridge  , UK; and horseradish peroxidase-conjugated goat anti-mouse and goat anti-rabbit IgG from Bio-Rad Laboratories  , Inc. Hercules  , CA  , USA. Rabbit polyclonal antibodies Abs raised against bacterial Bacillus cereus PC-PLC and selectively cross-reacting with mammalian PC-PLC were obtained in our laboratory 24 in accordance with a modification of the method originally described by Clark and colleagues 25 and characterized as reported 13 ,15.No STI1 staining was seen in control cells transfected with eGFP  , indicating that stress responses were not simply occurring due to the presence of a large amount of foreign protein in the nucleus Figure 13g-i. However  , neighbouring cells not expressing Wldbecause of less than 100% transfection efficiency did not show any STI1 nuclear puncta.The protein has two heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein hnRNP K homology domains and one RGG box as well as nuclear localization and export signals. FMRP is an mRNA-binding protein that is ubiquitously expressed throughout the body  , with significantly higher levels in young animals 8.Cell fractionation was performed using the Qproteome Nuclear Protein Kit Qiagen. Whole cell protein extracts were purified using RIPA buffer and protease inhibitors Pierce.B Western blots showing the extraction of Jacob from a nuclear protein-enriched fraction; P  , remaining pellet after centrifugation; S  , extractable supernatant. The size of marker proteins in kDa is indicated at the right margin.This depletion thus demonstrates specific antigen–Ab interactions  , since no protein is immunoprecipitated by the related control Ab lane 2 or by a nonspecific Ab Nph  , lane 6. As expected  , all the proteins were totally immunodepleted from the nuclear extracts  , and no signal was detected in the supernatants after each IP lane 4 versus 5.Vertical rectangle  , G protein–coupled receptor; dashed square  , growth factor; inverted triangle  , kinase; horizontal rectangle  , ligand-dependent nuclear receptor; triangle  , phosphatase; oval  , transcription regulator; trapezoid  , transporter; circle  , other. Numbers correspond to fold changes.Five chloroplast matK  , rpl16  , rps16  , trnLF and trnH-psbA and one nuclear translin family protein  , tfp markers were sequenced in this study for phylogenetic analyses. It was not possible to obtain these sequences for P. watsonii and four chloroplast sequences matK-DQ378314  , rpl16-DQ378443  , rps16-FJ786584 and trnLF-FJ794215 were downloaded from GenBank for this species.Precleared nuclear lysate was incubated with antibody or IgG at a concentration of 1 μg per approximately 500 μg of total protein and 50 μl Protein G-agarose at 4°C overnight. The pellet containing intact nuclei was washed once with RIPA and resuspended in the same buffer  , followed by homogenization in a Dounce homogenizer.It has been shown to act as a co-chaperone in assisting proper protein folding in the ER and in increasing the activity and affinity of Hsp70 BiP for substrates 47 ,49 ,50. Human DNAJB11  , also known as ERDJ3  , is a unique chaperone protein that contains a signal peptide sequence at the N-terminus  , a putative nuclear localization signal  , two DnaJ domains and a RGD motif found in some integrin binding proteins 46–48.The majority of the potential protein-coding genes in the Wolbachia-like fragments contain insertions  , deletions  , frameshift mutations or nonsense codons compared to their homologues from living Wolbachia genomes. Do these Wolbachia-like but nuclear-encoded sequences have a current expressed function in D. viviparus ?The 8F1 cross-reactive protein  , PCYT1A  , is a nuclear membrane protein. There are very few reports of immunohistochemistry analysis of PCYT1A protein in different tissues and those data are highly controversial
32.encountering a nuclear matrix protein complex as we report for the south breakpoint cluster. accessibility changes due to differences in histone modification patterns and binding by their associated proteins  , and/or a repressive influence of protein factors e.g.Because DOCK2 activates Rac as part of two different signaling pathways—one activated by the T cell receptor  , which mediates T cell activation  , and one by a chemokine receptor  , which controls T cell migration—the researchers investigated whether Nef could affect these important pathways by modulating Rac activity. ELMO1 has also been shown to help DOCK2 activate Rac.By immunofluorescence each cell was shown to express high levels of nuclear HA-I-SceI protein at the 4+4 hour time point Figure 1D. By RT-PCR analyses  , HA-I-SceI was induced after 4 hours of tet treatment  , and this expression was maintained after a 4 hour wash Figure 1C.The ability of FRY2 to recruit HOS5 to specific subnuclear foci suggests that FRY2 may be involved in other aspects of pre-mRNA processing such as 5′-capping and mRNA stability control since these processes will also need the recruitment and modification of many protein factors. Indeed  , in the current study  , we found that in the fry2-1 mutant  , HOS5 protein could not accurately be recruited to nuclear speckles as in the wild type plants Figure 7.To select the corresponding rule head for the current rule call Merlin performs at most 3 accesses to the database. This connection between the rule call and the heads of the corresponding rules is the main mason for the efficient execution of the Merlin backward chaining rules.The fusion protein appears present in both the nucleus and the cytoplasm  , sometimes with a strong nuclear localization  , as shown in the center panels  , but in other cells cytoplasmic expression predominated. Expression of a GFP-human MAU-2 fusion protein revealed by confocal fluorescence microscopy of transiently transfected HeLa cells is shown in the center and bottom panels.On the contrary  , β-glucuronidase GUS-VirE2 fusion protein was reported to localize in the nucleus 22. This non-nuclear cytoplasmic localization is supported by VirE2-GFP localization also an active fusion protein when expressed in plant cells  , S. Gelvin  , personal communication.Every rule in a forward chaining cluster whose preconditions are fulfilled  , is executed. Interpretation of forward chaining rules 'l%e interpretation of the Merlin forward chaining rules is simple.C  , cytoplasmic extracts; N  , nuclear extracts. Lysates from E2f3a mice of matched ages were used as a control to confirm the location of E2f3a protein.Kaplan-Meier curves were created for both overall survival OS and recurrence-free survival RFS  , and log-rank tests were used to compare 12-chemokine gene expression scores and 12-chemokine gene expression scores stratified by antibody status estrogen receptor ER or progesterone receptor PR positive  , ER and PR negative with HER2 negative or missing  , and HER2 positive. Correlation between clinicopathologic factors and the 12-chemokine gene expression score was tested using the chi-square test with the exact method using Monte Carlo estimation.For the nuclear phylogenetic analysis  , a subset of 101 individuals was selected from mtDNA lineages and sequenced for both the nuclear genes RAG1 1473 bp and the first intron of the ribosomal protein S7 1112 bp total alignment including gaps. Similarly  , 146 individuals were sequenced to obtain a fragment of the mitochondrial Cytochrome oxidase I gene 646 bp.Epidermal growth factor EGF stimulation of Jab1 nuclear translocation is dependent on pERK and is associated with pERK in the nucleus in MDA-MB-231 cells. DAPI  , 4'-6-diamidino-2-phenylindole; ERK  , extracellular signal-regulated kinase; Jab1  , c-Jun activation domain-binding protein-1; pERK  , phosphorylated extracellular signal-regulated kinase.Digital images were collected using a SPOT camera. The intranuclear foci localisation of each ectopic protein was determined by scoring cells using an Olympus BX40 epifluorescence microscope Olympus  , Tokyo  , Japan  , and the proportion of cells displaying 0  , 1 to 10  , or greater than 10 nuclear foci per cell was determined as previously described 7.Note also that the exposure to flow significantly decreased the overall expression of nuclear  , cytosolic and membrane proteins. In EC grown under flow condition cytoskeletal proteins represent account for majority of the total protein content.The putative N-terminal cleavage sites of the bipartite signal- and transit peptides are indicated with an “S” and “T ,” respectively. Protein and gene structure of the nuclear-encoded plastid SBP3-HDR fusion protein from Chromera velia KC899090; ARZB00000000.Subcellular localization is an important aspect of protein function. The absence of difference between membrane and non-membrane proteins according to TMHMM predictions may result from the lack of distinction between the extracellular and cytoplasmic/nuclear proteins.Considering this new observation of BBS-related transport  , we decided to evaluate nuclear-cytoplasmic transport dynamics of BBS6 disease alleles. We next sought to uncover what protein-protein interactions BBS6 may be participating in  , that may link this observed phenotype to the MKKS disease symptoms.A supershift was obtained when nuclear extracts from C2C12 cells were incubated with this anti-ZBED6 antibody  , providing further biochemical evidence for ZBED6 as the elusive Igf2 repressor Figure 1E. A polyclonal anti-ZBED6 antibody was developed by immunizing rabbits with this recombinant protein containing the two BED domains.Derived from the context free definition of the Merlin de language  , each rule is stored in an abstract syntax tree-like way. 5 .1 the abstract syntax tree notation of a single backward chaining rule is given as a simple example.Protein loading was accessed using Lamin A antibody. The knockdown of nuclear bFGF was confirmed by immunoblotting equivalent amounts of nuclear extract with bFGF antibody.No RNA-protein complexes were detected in cells expressing only nuclear EGFP EGFP-nuclear localization signal or in the absence of UV crosslinking Figure S1b in Additional file 1. Both SRSF3-EGFP and SRSF4-EGFP were specifically and efficiently immunopurified from cell extracts  , and SR protein-RNA complexes were isolated after in vivo UV crosslinking Figure S1a  , b in Additional file 1.Our finding of Mps3 cleavage at the SPB and the nuclear membranes therefore provides insight into the mechanism of half-bridge disassembly  , which is critical for proper centrosome separation and chromosome segregation. Posttranslational modifications  , including protein phosphorylation 31  , have been found to take place extensively at the yeast SPB  , but irreversible protein cleavage at the half-bridge was not known previously.In essence  , repair of single base mismatch G-T substrate containing a 5′ nick was assessed using HeLa or MutLα-deficient HCT116 89 nuclear protein extracts 100 ng complemented with equal amounts of purified MutLα protein complexes: hMLH1.WT-hPMS2  , hMLH1.F192I-hPMS2  , mMLH1.B6-hPMS2 or mMLH1.129-hPMS2 100 ng. Repair of a single base mismatch by MLH1 was investigated as previously described 49.Haplotype networks for eleven nuclear loci did not exhibit comparable fixed differences between the NEPR and the southern SEPR + PAR groups Fig. Haplotype diversity H
 ranged from 0.44 SAHH to 0.87 mtCOI for the protein-coding markers  , and from 0.41 AC_NC1 to 0.87 AC_NC22 for the non-coding markers.CXCL13-positive CD4+ Tfh cells are associated with a high frequency of peritumoral tertiary lymphoid structures and generally favorable outcome in breast cancer 8. CXCL13  , formerly termed B cell-attracting chemokine 1  , is a cytokine that belongs to the CXC chemokine family  , which selectively attracts C-X-C motif receptor 5-positive B cells CXCR5 7.Protein structure prediction used the PSIPRED server 
http://bioinf.cs.ucl.ac.uk/psipred and the position-specific scoring matrix of Jones et al. Candidate nuclear localization signals were identified using the PSORTII program at
http://psort.hgc.jp.But now  , new evidence suggests that not all mRNAs follow this tired old script. Then  , provided it's been processed  , it is grabbed by a transcription export TREX protein complex and shunted through a nuclear pore into the cytoplasm for translation.β-arrestins are multifunctional adaptor proteins that facilitate receptor trafficking 31 and can act as bona fide signal transducers 32. Contrary to classical chemokine receptors  , CXCR7 does not respond to ligand binding by mobilising intracellular calcium via G protein°Coupled receptors  , and recent studies have proposed that CXCR7 may be capable of associating and signalling via β-arrestin-mediated pathways 21.The CDT1 tag destabilizes nuclear protein outside G1 phase 32 and would not be predicted to increase nuclear abundance at any stage of cell cycle. In that case  , low levels of AID in G2/M phase may lead to elevated nuclear levels in the next G1 phase  , as was evident in the AID-mCherry-CDT1 transductants Fig 4D  , favoring a cell that has not carried out Ig gene diversification in one cell cycle to do so in the next.The cytoplasmic  , nuclear and mitochondrial protein fractions from normal and SCA10 cells were isolated using the mitochondria isolation kit and Sub-cellular Protein Fractionation kits Thermo Scientific-Pierce. The sagittal section of the transgenic brain was processed according to the procedure described above and immuno-stained with anti-PKCδ and Cox II antibodies to detect mitochnodria and PKCδ respectively.When the immunoreactivity was comparable to that of the normal breast epithelium or nuclear staining was observed in >50% of tumour cells  , it was classified as level 3  , that is  , wild-type expression. The protein expression levels in tumour sections were measured by eye in three discontinuous classes  , as previously described 31.In addition  , several studies have demonstrated that NAD-dependent pathways play important roles in regulating cell cycle 38-40. Similarly  , Ube1 is a protein with well established roles in cell cycle 33-36  , and VCP/p97 localization is intricately linked to the cell cycle  , with nuclear localization only occurring during late G1 phase 37.Molecular data include the mitochondrial rRNA genes 12S and 16S sequences; ∼2 ,400 bp and the nuclear protein-coding gene RAG-1 approximately 495 bp. GenBank accession numbers are given in Table S2.Only one pair of primers: tfp_e1.F 5’-CGAGAAAGGGTGGTAAAAGC-3’ and tfp_e1.R 5’-CTGGGGAGTAAGCTCGTCTG-3’  , was amplified successfully for sect. For the nuclear gene  , we designed three pairs of exon-primed-intron-crossing EPIC primers based on an Arabidopsis thaliana translin family protein locus tfp  , AT2G03780 and a Primula sieboldii seedling cDNA library FS228429.Second  , forced expression studies in adipogenic and myogenic mammalian cell lines demonstrated that PGC-1α activates mitochondrial biogenesis through a group of transcription factor targets including nuclear respiratory factors 1 and 2 NRF-1 and -2 and mitochondrial transcription factor A Tfam  , key transcriptional regulators of mitochondrial DNA transcription and replication 8. First  , PGC-1α activates the transcription of mitochondrial uncoupling protein-1 UCP-1 in BAT through interactions with the nuclear hormone receptors PPARγ and thyroid receptor 2.In addition  , CIRBP has been demonstrated to activate the extracellular signal-regulated kinase ERK pathway in NIH3T3 fibroblasts 43. Likewise  , CIRBP  , a nuclear  , ubiquitously expressed RNA-binding protein 42  , could affect the cyclic accumulation or translation of target mRNAs in a temperature-dependent fashion  , as diurnal Cirbp expression correlates negatively with body temperature rhythms.The strict cytosolic localisation of plant DDB1A raises the question whether this protein relocates to the nucleus under genotoxic stress conditions in order to contribute to the DNA repair process. This subcellular localisation contrasts with the situation in mammals  , where both nuclear and cytoplasmic localisations have been reported.These models analyze sequence data at the level of the codon  , and test whether a hypothesis model that allows for positive selection dN/dS > 1 for some codons is better fit to the data when compared to a null neutral hypothesis model  , determined through performing a likelihood ratio test between the likelihood scores of the null neutral and selection models. This paper presents the results of PAML hypothesis testing on chemokine receptor sequence datasets with "Site" models only 33 ,34.The significance of this novel mechanism of neuronal Ca2+ signalling is further underscored by the fact that binding of Caldendrin is specific in that its ancestor and closest relative in brain  , CaM  , did not bind to Jacob at any Ca2+ concentration tested. A further intriguing aspect of this study is that it provides the first demonstration that an EF-hand CaM-like Ca2+ sensor protein regulates the nuclear localization of a protein by competitive binding to its NLS in a Ca2+-dependent manner.The nuclear pore complex NPC is perhaps the most magnificent protein complex in the eukaryotic cell. The nucleus and the nuclear membrane may define what it means to be a eukaryote  , but it is the NPC that makes eukaryotic existence possible.We took a candidate approach and focused on the chemokine receptor cxcr4a and its ligand cxcl12b sdf1b. To identify cooperating mechanisms that regulate NC migration with fscn1a  , we took advantage of the partially penetrant NC defects in fscn1a MZ embryos  , as it represents a sensitized genetic background to identify interacting pathways.By immunostaining  , this antibody detected asymmetrical nuclear phospho-Smad staining in roughly one half of the embryo starting at the onset of ingression of the primary mesenchyme cells Figure 5Bi  , ii  , v. On Western blot of P. lividus protein extracts  , this antibody recognized predominantly one protein  , the abundance of which increased abruptly at the mesenchyme blastula stage Figure 5A.The NES-AtPOB1 fusion protein was successfully excluded from the nucleus and it subsequently could not suppress HR-PCD elicited by Avr4 in Cf-4 N. benthamiana cells and fail to enhance P. infestans colonisation Fig 6C and 6E. We demonstrated nuclear localization of POB1 to be important for its function by fusing the N-terminal nuclear exclusion signal NES to the full-length POB1.In somatic cells  , 59% of our testis-specific genes compared to just 2% of our housekeeping genes reside in BLACK chromatin  , which is characterized by a transcriptionally repressive state and a frequent association with the nuclear lamin B protein among others; 63; see also 64. We therefore conclude that X suppression is distinct from canonical MSCI.This non-nuclear cytoplasmic localization is supported by VirE2-GFP localization also an active fusion protein when expressed in plant cells  , S. Gelvin  , personal communication. Figure 4B demonstrates the localization of VirE2 around the nucleus  , at the cell periphery  , in cytosolic strands  , and in a few cytoplasmic spots.C  , cytoplasmic extracts; N  , nuclear extracts. Lysate from E2f3a mice was used as a control to confirm the location of E2f3a protein.As a control  , cells were transfected with the same plasmid coding for FLAG-tagged GFP protein. To test whether HP1a forms a nuclear complex with the interacting hnRNPs  , Drosophila S2 cells were transfected with a plasmid coding for FLAG-tagged HP1a under the control of actin5C promoter.Earlier work has shown that suppression of microtubule dynamic instability can enhance microtubule-mediated transport and induce the expression and nuclear translocation of the cell cycle protein P53 in human lung A549 cells 50. However  , the role microtubules play in the G1 phase of the cell cycle is still controversial 49–51.We found that nuclear knockdown of Jacob completely abolished the reduction of pCREB observed after stimulation of extrasynaptic NMDA receptors Figure 9E and 9F. To more rigorously test the hypothesis that Jacob is part of the CREB shut-off signalling pathway  , we induced a knockdown of nuclear Jacob using plasmid-based RNAi constructs targeting exon 6–containing isoforms of the protein and subsequently stimulated extrasynaptic NMDA receptors with the protocol outlined above.For example  , as listed in Table S1  , lethal complexes related to chromatin remodeling  , such as the RSC complex and the INO80 complex  , or protein transport and translocation  , such as the mitochondrial outer membrane translocase complex  , nuclear pore complex  , and ER protein-translocation complex  , have a relatively low proportion of lethal genes. In addition  , the proportion of lethal genes in a lethal complex appears to differ based on their functions.Retention of RNA containing three MS2 coat protein binding sites MS2 on amylose beads was mediated by the MS2/MBP fusion protein 31. A Representation of the fusion RNAs used for formation of RNP complexes with ES cell nuclear extracts.Cre protein is one of the few prokaryotic proteins that have been shown to carry these NLS-like determinants. However  , researchers have now identified nuclear targeting determinants  , which resemble eukaryotic nuclear localization signals  , and these have been found to affect targeting to the nucleus 157.Together these data suggest that cell-type–limited expression and regulated nuclear localization of VcMid restrict its function to developing and mature sexual male germ cells in V. carteri. However  , unlike the case for androgonidia and sperm cells  , the VcMid-BH protein signal in vegetative somatic cells was excluded from the nucleus and was instead observed only in the cytosol and peri-nuclear region Figures 3L–3O  , S6I–S6P  , and S9C–S9J.ldecuk~ob calls the built-in predicate CHECK_IDENTI- l ?lCATION which manages the login of the user and provides the identification of the user @dent for the next rule that is fired. When Merlin is started by giving a user identification  , the following rule is always executed at firsti execute_job:- CHECK_IDENTIFICATIONIdent   , select_roleIdent.CreERT  , ubiquitous promoter-driven Cre-recombinase and estrogen-receptor fusion protein; FC  , FoxN1fx/fx/CreERT; FoxN1  , Forkhead box protein N1; FoxN1fx/fx  , loxp-flanked FoxN1 gene; IL-2  , interleukin-2; NF-κB  , Nuclear Factor kappa Beta; RT  , reverse transcribed; PCR  , polymerase chain reaction; tTreg  , thymic regulatory T cell. Underlying data used in the generation of this figure can be found in S1 Data.PCYT1A is an important enzyme in regulating phosphatidylcholine biosynthesis and nuclear membrane expansion
26. As suspected from Bhagwat et al  , 8F1 not only reacts with its authentic target ERCC1 protein  , but also binds strongly with an un-related nuclear protein  , PCYT1A see subarray 6B in Figure
2A.Photoreceptor cells can be labeled by Rosa26-rtTA; tetO-H2BGFP Figure 4A. Mammalian photoreceptor cells are postmitotic and are not replaced over the lifespan of the animal; they are identified by their position within the outer nuclear layer of the retina and by expression of the calcium-binding protein recoverin 19.The murine ZIPK protein thus lacks a critical phosphorylation site that affects cellular localization. The phosphorylation of threonines 299–300 was shown to have an impact on the cellular localization of human ZIPK; ZIPK bearing the T299A/T300A phospho-silencing mutation is mainly nuclear  , while the T299D/T300D phospho-mimicking mutant is a mainly cytoplasmic form 5.In addition  , LGALS3 was also induced upon FOXP3 overexpression in CD4+ Th cells Figure 1a. Galectin-3 LGALS3 is one of the best characterized members of the evolutionary conserved family of galectins and was found to be strongly upregulated in our ex vivo isolated TReg cells Figure 2.Anti-histone H3 antibody Millipore Corporation was used to confirm equal protein loading of nuclear fractions. Anti-β-actin antibody Sigma-Aldrich  , St. Louis  , MO  , USA was used to confirm equal protein loading of cytoplasmic fractions.Although experiments that test for protein-protein  , protein-DNA  , and DNA-DNA interactions of kinetochore/centromeric components have been reported  , we are not aware of any experiments that bear directly on the second model tension-mediated promotion of early origin activation. However  , tethering an early origin to the nuclear periphery is not sufficient to alter its replication time 39 and conversely  , delocalizing telomeres from the nuclear periphery does not advance their replication time 40.Furthermore  , in SBMA  , the effects of disease on muscle may be accentuated by activation of autophagy. Our data suggest that autophagy activators are unlikely to be effective therapeutics for the subset of protein aggregation disorders where nuclear localization of the mutant protein is required for toxicity.It is likely that the zinc finger protein Zfp-161 represents a more direct transcriptional regulator of Ath5  , based on its protein structure  , its nuclear localization  , and the clear dose-response. We propose that they are required to break the positive Ath5 feedback loop on the level of RNA regulation.Lysates from E2f3a mice of matched ages were used as a control to confirm the location of E2f3a protein. Nuclear and cytoplasmic extracts from an equivalent number of retinal cells from mice of the indicated genotypes and ages were analyzed by Western blotting to detect the E2f3a protein.Interestingly  , MBD3 protein is present on the DNA and spindle in eggs  , and is nuclear at all other stages with punctate foci of stronger staining. MBD3 protein follows a similar distribution  , with levels highest in the oocyte and blastocyst Figure 1B.Second  , we analysed the nuclear distribution of the DMC1 protein  , a meiosis-specific recombinase that forms foci at recombination sites. These chromosomal defects persisted in axr1rad51  , showing that DSBs are present in the axr1 mutant Figure S5B.As many as 23 receptors could not be included in any subfamily with significant phylogenetic support. Among the non-LDLRR-GPCR/LGR-like set of sequences  , the melanocortin receptors of the α-group  , the classical chemokine receptors CCRs  , CXCRs  , melanocyte-concentrating hormone MCHR subfamilies of the γ-group and the purine PUR  , MAS-related receptor MRG and olfactory subfamilies of the δ-group are conspicuously absent.Meiotic chromosomes are mechanically linked to the cytoskeleton through the intact nucleus by a conserved SUN-KASH protein bridge 66  , 67. Mps3 interacts with Csm4  , a putative KASH protein with a single trans-membrane tail domain bridging the outer nuclear envelope; Csm4 is required for telomeres to coalesce into the bouquet configuration and undergo Ndj1-dependent motion 63  , 64  , 72  , 73.In order to induce a defined DSB in mammalian cells  , we utilized the homing endonuclease I-SceI that has an 18 base pair recognition sequence 46. By immunofluorescence each cell was shown to express high levels of nuclear HA-I-SceI protein at the 4+4 hour time point Figure 1D.c LOCtree predictions of protein subcellular localization indicate extracellular proteins 1 ,587 proteins are under more relaxed selective pressure than cytoplasmic proteins 2 ,105 and nuclear proteins 5 ,431. b TMHMM predictions show no difference in A/S ratios between membrane proteins and non-membrane proteins  , transmembrane segments and non-transmembrane segments.In a previous study 27  , we examined the protein coding potential of ORF1 carrying out in vitro translation experiments and COS-7 cell transfections with the Flag epitope-tagged ORF1. The putative 8 kD protein corresponding to ORF1  , previously named VMCH-p8  , presents a putative nuclear localisation signal NLS at the N-terminus KPKKK  , shaded in grey in Figure 6B  , and is among the longest ORFs  , encoding 72 amino acids Figure 6A  , B  , C.In the context of the Merlin* project carried out at the University of Dortmund in cooperation with STZ  , a Dortmund based software house  , a prototype of a process-centered environment has been completed. 'l%& idea relates to the old english fairy tale about King-Arthur.We further fused EHD4 and its various deletions with the GAL4 DNA binding domain and investigated if EHD4 has transcriptional activation activity in yeast. EHD4-GFP was exclusively co-localized with the OsMADS3-mCherry fusion protein a nuclear marker in the nucleus Figure 4  , indicating that EHD4 functions in the nucleus.It is interesting to note that in the results obtained for CCR2 and CCR3  , nineteen out of the twenty amino acid sites that are identified as having experienced positive selection are located in the extracellular domains of the chemokine receptor proteins  , suggesting that nonsynonymous substitutions are occurring  , and more often being selected for  , in the ligand binding and pathogen interaction regions of the receptors. These previous results coupled with the findings presented here point to the extracellular domains of CC chemokine receptor proteins being especially relevant to studies of the evolution of structure and function of receptors for endogenous ligand binding ability and as targets of pathogen interaction.Because the dataset contains many examples of nuclear proteins among many species  , many candidate NLSs will be discovered  , thereby leading to over-prediction of nuclear proteins. The ngLOC method  , which uses a 7-gram peptide to explore the protein sample space along the entire length of the protein  , is probably discovering many of these NLSs in the nuclear sequences.Note that the protein is present on many euchromatic sites including telomeres arrows and region 31  , but absent on the heterochromatic chromocenter big arrowhead. C Top  , in polytene chromosomes of wild type larvae  , the immunolocalization of the nuclear exosome component Rrp6.RCC1 functions as the GEF for the small G-protein Ran and is critical for maintaining the RanGTP/RanGDP gradient across nuclear envelope 57. TCF1 belongs to a family of RCC1-like proteins in Arabidopsis.We selected ∼2% of the genotyped SNPs 10 ,763 autosomal SNPs  , requiring that they were heterozygous in at least 4 genotyped individuals  , and used them for parametric linkage as calculated with the Merlin linkage analysis software 21 assuming a dominant model with reduced penetrance set at 0.8. In preparation for interpreting the results of our WGS  , we performed linkage analysis on Pedigree 1 Figure 2A by genotyping 7 family members using the Illumina HumanHap 550 Genotyping BeadChip v1.0 and 5 family members with Illumina Human 610-Quad v1.0 Genotyping BeadChip.ii Endocrine-resistant cells LY2 and LetR exhibited >2 fold increase in AR nuclear protein expression compared to their endocrine-sensitive MCF7 counterparts. b i Protein levels of AR were determined by western blot analysis of nuclear protein cell lysate extracted from breast cancer cells MCF7  , LetR  , MDA-MB-453  , LY2 and SKBR3.Nuclear localization of the CdTlo2 TAD  , facilitated naturally by the Mediator association domain or artificially through a nuclear localization signal  , is sufficient for the C. dubliniensis Tlo overexpression phenotypes. These phenotypes are specific to CdTLO2  , versus other CaTLOs and CdTLO1  , and their amplitude is proportional to the amount of overexpressed Tlo protein.In the adult brain EHMT staining is widely abundant  , in a pattern resembling nuclear DAPI staining Figure 1b. We first examined expression and subcellular localization of the EHMT protein in the fly nervous system using an anti-EHMT antibody 10.Analysis of CXCR4 and CXCR7 in cell lines and clinical data on association with recurrence of oestrogen receptor–positive breast cancer. CXCR  , Chemokine C-X-C receptor; DCC  , Dextran-coated charcoal; LTED  , Long-term oestrogen deprivation; si  , Small interfering; wt  , Wild type.The most common cause of mitochondrial diseases are defects in the translational machinery reviewed in 3  , however the mechanisms of mitochondrial protein synthesis are not well understood. Mutations in mitochondrial genes or nuclear genes coding for mitochondrial proteins result in mitochondrial dysfunction and impaired energy production that cause mitochondrial diseases reviewed in 2.Finally  , our findings suggest the novel role of CB in nuclear protein recycling and emphasize the importance of increasing our knowledge about the properties of polyADP-ribose dynamics in vivo. These results provide the first molecular explanation for the roles that PARP1/PARG protein machinery play in the regulation of nucleolar organelle biogenesis and dynamics.A working context in Merlin is displayed on the screen in a hypertext-like manner as follows objects are represented as boxes  , the boxes have menus attached at the upper right comer which contain the activities which could be and/or have to be performed on the objects. Finally  , a working context displays the dependencies between the different objects.As an example  , let us describe the rules executed for a programmers session in Merlin. This rule is select_roe which identifies all roles the user may perform.For immunoprecipitation  , protein samples were first incubated with antibody for 2 hours at 4°C. The remaining nuclear pellet was re-suspended in CERI buffer and sonicated to obtain nuclear protein.Rec can be found in pluripotent cells and may influence expression of the interferon-induced viral restriction factor IFITM1 in epiblast cells 31  , 52. HERV-K type 2 proviruses encode the protein Rec  , which derives from alternative splicing of the env gene and is responsible for nuclear export and translation of viral RNAs 51.Section 5 describes the &ta model and the underlying data base used to manipulate the Merlin knowledge base. Section 5 and 6 are the focus of this paper.b i Protein levels of AR were determined by western blot analysis of nuclear protein cell lysate extracted from breast cancer cells MCF7  , LetR  , MDA-MB-453  , LY2 and SKBR3. PSAP ELISA detected significant levels of protein in the endocrine-resistant cells.Polypeptide subunits of plastid-transferred genes are colored green; nuclear-transferred genes are colored blue  , and those not found in the Symbiodinium genome are white. B Major proteins and protein complexes of the plastid photosynthetic apparatus.To detect proteins on Western blots  , the following antibodies were used: mouse anti-GFP; Guinea Pig anti-Coilin and mouse anti-Actin. Drosophila stock expressing Nuclear-GFP protein was used.However  , Dicer remained exclusively cytoplasmic as determined by confocal IF Fig 2A. Cyclin B1  , a protein that is known for nuclear-cytoplasmic shuttling 40  , became enriched in the nucleus of PMEFs after 6 h of LMB treatment Fig 2A.Further tests that aim to identify inhibitory binding elements require EMSA experiments that utilize the incubation of the two suppression segments and with nuclear protein extracts. However  , in conducting a homology search  , we were unable to find a candidate element that was capable of binding to the suppression regions.Similarly  , COX-2-specific inhibitors reduce angiogenesis by inhibiting mitogen activated protein kinase extracellular signal regulated kinase ERK2 activity and by interfering with nuclear translocation of ERK 14. One of the mechanisms modulated by COX-2 during carcinogenesis is angiogenesis  , presumably through increased production of proangiogenic factors such as VEGF and IL-8 13.To find out whether structural or regulatory polymorphisms result in Don-0 and Sij-4 loss-of-function alleles  , we analyzed their ICA1 sequence and expression levels. In contrast to human/yeast orthologs  , ICA1 encodes two tandemly repeated units of Thg1 within the protein and is known to be nuclear localized 37 S4A Fig.Such results were then reviewed in other databases such as UniProt or BRENDA to maximize the confidence in the results. The new annotation proposed in this work could only be accomplished as merlin provided semi-automatic scored results.Evidence suggests that use of transgenic chloroplasts as bioreactors offers significant advantages over nuclear transformed plants. An alternative strategy for improving foreign protein production yield is through chloroplast transformation of higher plants or closely related eukaryotic green algae.The status information about an object which is needed to update the working contexts  , is requested from the user by Merlin  , Whenev= a user finishes an activity. new activities can be perfrxmed on objects.M: BenchMark Pre-Stained Protein Ladder. Concentrated supernatant  , concentrated cytoplasm and nuclear fraction were evaluated.Cytoplasmic and nuclear protein extracts were prepared as previously published 23. Cells were lysed and cell membrane proteins were separated using a membrane protein extraction kit Biovision  , Mountain View  , California  , USA.The re-annotation of the proteins encoded in the K. lactis CBS 2359 metabolic genome was performed in a semi-automatic manner by combining the use of the software merlin51  , developed in-house and available for download at
http://www.merlin-sysbio.org and manual inspection. In the end  , a new  , re-annotated  , GenBank file was created by merlin for each K. lactis chromosome.TRN-SR proteins have been shown to function as nuclear import receptors for both phosphorylated SR proteins as well as the splicing repressor protein RSF1 which antagonizes SR proteins in the nucleus 11  , 30. MOS14 encodes a nuclear protein with high sequence similarity to TRN-SR proteins in animals.These findings suggest that Jacob is highly enriched at active sites of nuclear gene transcription and mRNA processing. This subcellular localization could be confirmed by subsequent extraction of nuclear protein components  , including chromatin from COS-7 cells transfected with a green fluorescent GFP-Jacob fusion protein D. C. Dieterich and M. R. Kreutz  , unpublished data.Cbk1–Mob2 directly drives nuclear accumulation of the transcription factor Ace2  , which turns on expression of septum-destroying hydrolases 18 ,19. In the RAM network  , the hippo-like kinase Kic1 activates the NDR-related kinase Cbk1  , which forms a complex with the coactivator protein Mob2 16 ,17.The next four rows show results for analyses of partitioned datasets: mtDNA  , mitochondrial partition; Nuclear  , nuclear; Protein  , protein; and rRNA  , ribosomal RNAs from both nuclear and mitochondrial genomes. Total in the first row refers to the entire dataset analyzed with equal weighting of all characters.Nipped-B and vertebrate delangins are predicted to have multiple nuclear localization sequences see
Materials and Methods  , and in accordance with bioinformatics predictions both Nipped-B 
24 and delangin 
Figure 2A  , top panels are nuclear proteins. For the sake of simplicity  , we will henceforth refer to the protein products of
CG4203 and
KIAA0892 as
Drosophila MAU-2 and human MAU-2 respectively.In fact  , nuclear localization of Ndrg3 has been recently reported in the mouse central nervous system 45. The RNA-binding protein RBPMS2 and Ndrg3 are localized in both the nucleus and cytoplasm Figure 4n  , o  , suggesting that they can shuttle between these cellular compartments.Furthermore  , immunofluorescence microscopy identified no nuclear signal among cells expressing AID-mCherry-GEM Fig 4B  , in contrast to the strong nuclear signal among some but not all cells expressing AID-mCherry-CDT1 Fig 4B or mAG-GEM S6B Fig. FACS analysis showed that restriction of the AID-mCherry-CDT1 signal to G1 phase was incomplete Fig 4A  , in contrast to G1 phase restriction evident for an analogous CDT1 tagged fluorescent protein not fused to AID  , mKO2-CDT1 S4B Fig.Neuropil and nuclear inclusions were counted separately. Sections were imaged with a 60× objective using a Nikon C1 confocal microscope  , and the numbers of protein aggregates were counted manually blind to genotype from 14 µm coronal and sagittal sections through the striatum.Associations with z-scores for the EPIC  , Rotterdam and 1958 Birth Cohort were tested using a generalised linear model 1df assuming an additive effect for the presence of each additional minor allele. GW-association analysis in the TwinsUK sample was carried out using a score test and variance components to account for twin status  , implemented in the Merlin software package 50.To test this idea  , we co-expressed spPrp16-GFP and Nuf2-RFP  , a kinetochore protein tagged with RFP  , and observed their localization. Because prp16 exhibited a defect in formation of centromeric heterochromatin  , we speculated that the nuclear site of the dot-like signal of overexpressed spPrp16-GFP corresponded to centromeres or kinetochores.At the onset of individualization  , a steep gradient of ubiquitinated protein expression is detected from the nuclear heads of the spermatids to the tips of their tails yellow arrows in Figure 8A. For this purpose  , we stained wild-type testes with the FK2 monoclonal antibody  , which specifically detects ubiquitin-conjugated proteins but not free ubiquitin.The NTF2 families consist in majority of small proteins in contrast to the other two families  , which have less than one-tenth of small protein sequences and are therefore preferred microProtein candidates. These sequences have similarity to three structures  , the nuclear transport factor 2 NTF2 domain  , ankyrin repeats  , and the PDZ domain.Within this scheme  , Importin-α functions as an adapter molecule by binding both the NLS-bearing protein and Importin-β. The transport of proteins from the cytosol through the nuclear pore complex into the nucleus depends on the binding of Importins to a specific NLS within the cargo.Using this information  , a process-centered software development environment like Merlin can provide maximum information to developexx or manage~ resp. This prototype  , for simplicity also called Merlin in the remainder of this paper  , uses a rule-based technique to describe software process*Merlin is not an acronym Merlin stands for the idea to support sotiare construction based on a well-defined set of building blocks of software and their respective attributes and relations.Moreover  , inverted intramolecular base-paired Alu elements are bound by the protein STAUFEN  , which has been proposed to regulate their translation 20  , 21. However  , whether inosines  , the product of adenosine deamination  , trigger nuclear retention has been a matter of debate 19.The eight BRC motifs and the extreme C terminus mediate interactions with and recruitment of Rad51  , a protein that catalyzes strand invasion during homologous recombination 16-18. In contrast to BRCA1  , BRCA2 is a 390 kDa nuclear protein that is exclusively involved in the homologous recombination pathway for repairing double-strand breaks.0.5 μg of anti-GFP antibody was added to the nuclear lysate and the mixture was incubated overnight on a rotating wheel at 4 °C. The samples were pre-absorbed with sepharose-protein A.This surveillance mechanism could be essential for proper ribosome assembly for protein translation  , which is usually active in dividing cells. Alternatively  , skiv2l2 could function in the surveillance mechanism postulated in yeast to control the quality and quantity of various nuclear RNA species.Nuclear and cytoplasmic extracts from an equivalent number of retinal cells from mice of the indicated genotypes and ages were analyzed by Western blotting to detect the E2f3a protein. C  , cytoplasmic extracts; N  , nuclear extracts.Together  , these results
indicate that LIN-54  , in addition to EFL-1/DPL-1 E2F/DP  , is a DNA binding
protein involved in recruiting the DRM complex to its target genes. Control experiments showed that wild-type and
lin-54n2990 mutant animals produce a comparable amount of
full-length  , nuclear-localized LIN-54 protein Figure 2A and 2B  , unlike
lin-54n3423 null animals which produce no detectable
LIN-54 protein and reduced amounts of other DRM subunits Figure 2B and 4.For Jab1 and S100A7  , only nuclear expression was scored as cytoplasmic signals were generally weak and difficult to quantify. Tumor cell staining was scored for each protein in semi-serial sections by a single observer PHW but in independent sessions for each protein to ensure blinded independent scoring.Its use as a serum marker for disease has not been described; furthermore  , it would be interesting to know the effect of specific chemokine antagonism on the neurodegenerative process and whether even non-specific immune suppressants would have an effect on the disease. Ccl21 facilitates migration of mature dendritic cells from peripheral tissues to regional lymph nodes and enhances receptor-mediated endocytosis by these cells 48.CXCL13  , formerly termed B cell-attracting chemokine 1  , is a cytokine that belongs to the CXC chemokine family  , which selectively attracts C-X-C motif receptor 5-positive B cells CXCR5 7. FOXP3 drives the development and function of Tregs that are engaged in the maintenance of immunological self-tolerance and in down-regulation of various immune responses 6.merlin51 is a software tool  , in continuous development  , created to assist on the process of reconstructing a genome-scale metabolic model. merlin provides a numeric confidence score for each automatic assignment  , taking into account the frequency and the taxonomy within the annotations of all sequences that are similar to the gene under investigation
51  , according to equation 1:Both the nuclear and mt genomes of the Lachancea thermotolerans type strain CBS 6340T were previously sequenced Talla et al. Intriguingly  , although the protein sequences are remarkably alike  , the intergenic regions are extremely variable  , indicating that most mt genes are under purifying selection across the entire Lachancea genus.To genetically test whether Hif1 and Hat-B affect turnover by means of a common pathway or protein complex NuB4  , we generated double mutant strains for epistasis analysis. However  , cells lacking Hat2 or Hif1 showed reduced histone turnover  , supporting the idea that the nuclear NuB4 complex plays a role in histone turnover Figure 5B.Nucleotide mutations in the open reading frame coding for chemokine receptors can have a dramatic effect on receptor activity or little effect  , depending on the location of the substitution and the nature of the amino acid replacement: amino acid substitutions resulting in alterations at key ligand binding extracellular domains or intracellular G-protein coupled domains in particular are known to result in disrupted or abnormal receptor activity 4. Mutations in the regulatory nucleotide sequence of chemokine receptors can also result in changes in gene expression and subsequent protein activity 17 ,18.The highly conserved protein interaction module of SUN/KASH domain proteins has emerged as a core element for the attachment of chromosomal ends to the nuclear envelope  , and for telomere-led chromosomal movement. During this period  , the chromosomes are connected to the nuclear envelope at one or both ends 2.We therefore decided to test whether any of the Nmnat isoforms possess the predicted properties of an endogenous axon survival factor in our model. Moreover  , although their predominant localizations are nuclear Nmnat1  , Golgi-associated Nmnat2 and mitochondrial Nmnat3 34  , the recent finding that WldS acts at a non-nuclear site despite its nuclear abundance 3 reminds us that low levels of protein can act elsewhere  , especially if enzyme activity amplifies the effect.To determine whether the high number of introns may be influencing the results  , a third search was performed where the translated ESTs were searched against the S. minutum nuclear genome using a max intron length setting of 499 bp average intron length Shoguchi et al. 2013 were used as queries to search the S. minutum nuclear genome and transcriptome as either nucleotide sequences blastn or as protein sequences tblastn details of sequences used are in supplementary table S3  , Supplementary Material online.In this report  , we have shown for the first time that a SUN-domain protein is cleaved at the nuclear membranes. Our finding of Mps3 cleavage at the SPB and the nuclear membranes therefore provides insight into the mechanism of half-bridge disassembly  , which is critical for proper centrosome separation and chromosome segregation.However  , we further tested this suggestion by a simultaneous immunofluorescence staining of polytene chromosomes from wild type larvae  , with C1A9 antibody and a specific antibody against the Rrp6 protein which is a nuclear component of the exosome 38. It is well known that mutations in nuclear exosome components increase the amount of transcripts 37; HP1a mutations have the opposite effect.This was surprising in light of the low abundance of AIDH56A-mCherry Fig 3A  , and may reflect difficulty in measuring small differences in relative signals of a low-abundance protein. The nuclear degradation rate of AIDH56A-mCherry was apparently lower than that of WT AID-mCherry Fig 3B.Moreover  , application of anisomycin after NMDA receptor activation did not affect the increase of nuclear Jacob IR  , indicating that a recruitment of already existing extranuclear protein underlies the increased Jacob levels in hippocampal nuclei  , but not de novo protein synthesis Figure S4C and S4D. These experiments showed a significant increase in intensity of the two major Jacob nuclear isoforms 62 kDa/70 kDa 2 h after stimulation Figure S4C and S4D.The query engine is based on the Merlin client/server storage system Ger96 . The hashing variants of matching operators   , e.g.  , join  , set operations  , and duplicate elimination use hybrid hashing Sha86  , Gra93.Protein and gene structure of the nuclear-encoded plastid SBP3-HDR fusion protein from Chromera velia KC899090; ARZB00000000. The exon–intron structure of the gene is shown below and introns are indicated with Roman numerals.The species in the family Herpesviridae are: Gallid herpesvirus 1 GaHV_1  , NC_006623 in genus Iltovirus; Gallid herpesvirus 2 GaHV_2  , NC_002229  , Gallid herpesvirus 3 GaHV_3  , NC_002577 and Meleagrid herpesvirus 1 MeHV_1  , NC_002641 in genus Mardivirus; Meleagrid herpesvirus 1 MeHV_1  , NC_002641  , Cercopithecine herpesvirus 1 CeHV_1  , NC_004812  , Human herpesvirus 1 HHV_1  , NC_001806  , Human herpesvirus 2 HHV_2  , NC_001798 and Cercopithecine herpesvirus 2 CeHV_2  , NC_006560 in genus Simplexvirus; Bovine herpesvirus 1 BoHV_1  , NC_001847  , Bovine herpesvirus 5 BoHV_5  , NC_005261  , Cercopithecine herpesvirus 9 CHV_7  , NC_002686  , Equid herpesvirus 1 EHV_1  , NC_001491  , Equid herpesvirus 4 EHV_4  , NC_001844  , Suid herpesvirus 1 SuHV_1  , NC_006151 and Human herpesvirus 3 strain Dumas HHV_3  , NC_001348 in genus Varicellovirus; Human herpesvirus 5 strain AD169 HHV5L  , NC_001347  , Human herpesvirus 5 strain Merlin HHV5w  , NC_006273  , Pongine herpesvirus 4 PoHV_4  , NC_003521 and Cercopithecine herpesvirus 8 CeHV_8  , NC_006150 in genus Cytomegalovirus; Murid herpesvirus 1 MuHV_1  , NC_004065 and Murid herpesvirus 2 MuHV_2  , NC_002512 in genus Muromegalovirus; Human herpesvirus 6 HHV_6  , NC_001664  , Human herpesvirus 6B HHV_6B  , NC_000898 and Human herpesvirus 7 HHV_7  , NC_001716 in genus Roseolovirus; Callitrichine herpesvirus 3 CalHV_3  , NC_004367  , Human herpesvirus 4 HHV_4  , NC_009334 and Cercopithecine herpesvirus 15 CeHV_15  , NC_006146 in genus Lymphocryptovirus; Cercopithecine herpesvirus 17 CeHV_17  , NC_003401  , Alcelaphine herpesvirus 1 AIHV_1  , NC_002531  , Bovine herpesvirus 4 BoHV_4  , NC_002665  , Equid herpesvirus 2 EHV_2  , NC_001650  , Human herpesvirus 8 HHV_8  , NC_003409  , Murid herpesvirus 4 MuHV_4  , NC_001826 and Saimiriine herpesvirus 2 SaHV_2  , NC_001350 in genus Rhadinovirus; Ictalurid herpesvirus 1 IcHV_1  , NC_001493 in genus Ictalurivirus; and 4 unassigned species Tupaiid herpesvirus 1 TuHV_1  , NC_002794  , Ostreid herpesvirus 1 OsHV_1  , NC_005881  , Psittacid herpesvirus 1 PsHV_1  , NC_005264 and Ateline herpesvirus 3 AtHV_3  , NC_001987. The viruses in the family Baculoviridae are: Adoxophyes orana granulovirus AdorGV  , NC_005038  , Agrotis segetum granulovirus AsGV  , NC_005839  , Cryptophlebia leucotreta granulovirus CrleGV  , NC_005068  , Cydia pomonella granulovirus CpGV  , NC_002816  , Phthorimaea operculella granulovirus PhopGV  , NC_004062  , Plutella xylostella granulovirus PlxyGV  , NC_002593 and Xestia c-nigrum granulovirus XecnGV  , NC_002331 in genus Granulovirus; Autographa californica nucleopolyhedrovirus AcMNPV  , NC_001623  , Bombyx mori nucleopolyhedrovirus BmNPV  , NC_001962  , Choristoneura fumiferana defective nucleopolyhedrovirus CfDeFNPV  , NC_005137  , Choristoneura fumiferana MNPV CfMNPV  , NC_004778  , Epiphyas postvittana nucleopolyhedrovirus EppoNPV  , NC_003083  , Helicoverpa armigera nuclear polyhedrosis virus HearNPV  , NC_003094  , Helicoverpa armigera nucleopolyhedrovirus G4 HearNPVG4  , NC_002654  , Helicoverpa zea single nucleocapsid nucleopolyhedrovirus HzSNPV  , NC_003349  , Lymantria dispar nucleopolyhedrovirus LdMNPV  , NC_001973  , Mamestra configurata nucleopolyhedrovirus A MacoNPV_A  , NC_003529  , Mamestra configurata nucleopolyhedrovirus B MacoNPV_B  , NC_004117  , Neodiprion sertifer nucleopolyhedrovirus NeseNPV  , NC_005905  , Orgyia pseudotsugata multicapsid nucleopolyhedrovirus OpMNPV  , NC_001875  , Rachiplusia ou multiple nucleopolyhedrovirus RoMNPV  , NC_004323  , Spodoptera exigua nucleopolyhedrovirus SeMNPV  , NC_002169 and Spodoptera litura nucleopolyhedrovirus SpltNPV  , NC_003102 in genus Nucleopolyhedrovirus; and two unclassified viruses Culex nigripalpus baculovirus CuniNPV  , NC_003084  , Neodiprion lecontei nucleopolyhedrovirus NeleNPV  , NC_005906.The nuclear localization  , protein turnover  , and tissue-specific expression of the HOXA13-GFP protein were similar to the wild type protein 28. The Hoxa13 mutant allele encodes a fusion protein where the last 34 amino acids of HOXA13  , which encodes the DNA binding domain  , have been replaced with an EGFP reporter as described 28 ,73.In the meantime  , we also generated two IHC mouse monoclonal antibodies with exclusive target specificity  , which were proofed by the high density protein microarray chip platform. This antibody not only reacts with its authentic target  , but also cross-reacts with PCYT1A  , a nuclear membrane protein with no clinical implication on Cisplatin drug resistance.Secondary antibodies conjugated with either AF680 Invitrogen Corporation or CW800 LI-COR Biosciences  , Lincoln  , NE  , USA were used to visualize protein bands using the Odyssey Infrared Imager LI-COR Biosciences. Anti-histone H3 antibody Millipore Corporation was used to confirm equal protein loading of nuclear fractions.The GO terms with p < 0.001 and n
> 10 genes include nuclear envelope  , nuclear pore  , amino acid-polyamine transporter activity  , ubiquitin-specific protease activity  , protein deubiquitination  , and protein import into the nucleus. We used permutation tests to gain a broader view of enrichment of particular protein functions with dN χ2 test statistics in D. simulans Table S20.MOS14 encodes a nuclear protein with high sequence similarity to TRN-SR proteins in animals. These data indicate that the mechanism of nuclear import of SR proteins is conserved between plants and animals.A HSF1+/+ MEFs were treated with 80 µM HSF1A for the indicated time in hours or heat shocked at 42°C for 2 h  , and nuclear and cytoplasmic fractions were analyzed for HSF1 by immunoblotting. SOD1 serves as the protein loading control.We also confirmed that c-Jun protein was in a complex with PEA3 in MDA-MB-231 nuclear extract by performing a co-IP assay Figure 5C. We confirmed that c-Jun protein was knocked down by siRNA on the basis of Western blot analysis Figure 5B.'l%emfom  , Merlin starts the rule interpretation with the first rule in a forward chaining rule cluster whose preconditions are fulfilled. Every forwmd chaining rule of a cluster has to be tested at least once.Affinity purifications have revealed the protein and pre-rRNA/rRNA composition of pre-60S particles and  , accordingly  , the existence of several distinct nuclear intermediates could be established 2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,12. Maturation of and pre-rRNA processing within nuclear pre-60S particles proceeds in a hierarchical manner and involves the sequential recruitment of r-proteins  , which shape and stabilize the pre-60S subunit with the aid of specific biogenesis factors.The complex protein translocation machinery that imports gene products from the cytoplasm into the chloroplast quickly must have been established in dinoflagellates. Clearly  , innovations were required for both nuclear and plastid genes.The NE is an important player in a number of cellular functions  , including maintenance of structural integrity of the nucleus  , chromatin organization  , transcriptional regulation  , DNA replication  , cell-cycle control  , differentiation  , nuclear migration  , and apoptosis 1 ,3-5. The nuclear lamins also interact with chromatin remodelers involved in heterochromatin formation  , such as heterochromatin protein HP1 or the NURD complex 15.The Ramos AIDH56A-mCherry transductants express endogenous AID and hypermutate actively  , so the reduced signal of the catalytic mutant must reflect a protein-intrinsic mechanism directed to the mutant protein. Both the nuclear and cytoplasmic signals of the AIDH56A-mCherry catalytic mutant were well below signals of wild type AID-mCherry Fig 3.HNRNPA2B1 belongs to the A/B subfamily of ubiquitously expressed heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoproteins that bind to pre-mRNAs and are involved in the splicing and nucleocytoplasmic transport of mRNAs 54. However  , recently it was described that HNRNPA2B1 is an H2AX interacting protein 56.The HYL1 protein  , which also contains a tandem dsRBD  , is required for miRNA accumulation and may play the same molecular role as Pasha/DGCR8 for Dicer-like-1 in plants 55 ,56. In plants  , the predominantly nuclear Dicer-like-1  , equipped with two dsRBDs  , is thought to catalyze both pri-miRNA and pre-miRNA processing 53 ,54.These data have also been confirmed by immunofluorescence experiments through confocal analysis  , where the presence of DBF4 in the nuclei of cells treated with N-BPs is particularly evident in the merged picture Figure 3b. Upon stimulation with ALE  , RIS and IBA  , DBF4 protein accumulates within the nuclear compartment Figure 3a.Nuclear extracts from C2C12 cells were prepared using the NucBuster Protein Extraction kit Novagen. Complexes were separated on a 1.5-mm 5% native 29∶1 polyacrylamide gel in 0.5× TBE at 70V for 3–4 h.For example  , the C. cinerea HD1 protein harbors a transcriptional activation domain and a NLS but its homeodomain is dispensable for sexual development  , while its HD2 counterpart possesses no NLS but its homeodomain is absolutely required for DNA binding by the heterodimer 64. These studies showed that the protein domains required for proper functioning of the heterodimeric transcription factor  , such as high affinity DNA binding  , nuclear localization signal NLS and transcriptional activation were not present in a single protein.All but one of these determinants have been previously implicated as modulators of the tumor microenvironment. A novel candidate identified in the present study was the chemokine receptor CCR8.Nuclei were extracted with the agents indicated. B Western blots showing the extraction of Jacob from a nuclear protein-enriched fraction; P  , remaining pellet after centrifugation; S  , extractable supernatant.Furthermore  , we performed nuclear fractionation and found levels of nuclear SUFU were increased in the Kif3a;Wnt1-Cre mutant Fig 4E. There was an increase of total SUFU protein in Kif3a;Wnt1-Cre mutant embryos Fig 4D  , input  , as well as an increase in the amount of GLI3-SUFU association Fig 4D  , IP:αGLI3.Previously  , we biologically validated this construct by testing its ability to rescue a Parp mutation phenotype and by using immunofluorescence to assess recombinant protein localization to chromatin 6 ,8. To study PARP1 protein nuclear localization during Drosophila development  , we used Drosophila stock ubiquitously expressing PARP1-DsRed recombinant protein.Finally  , we monitored the distributions of ribosomes and Trapα  , a membrane-bound ER protein that associates with the Sec61 translocon 33. However  , after digitonin treatment only the nuclear fraction remained Figure S1G.Similar to our findings  , whole-genome bisulfite sequencing showed that approximately 36% of identified age-associated  , differentially methylated regions were within LADs
44. The methyl CpG binding protein MeCP2 was shown to interact with the lamin B receptor and may connect DNA methylation with nuclear architecture
60.In light of the evidence that nuclear AID is degraded more slowly in G1 than S or G2/M phase Fig 2  , it is likely that the AID-mCherry-GEM fusion protein was eliminated from the nucleus in G1 phase by degradation targeted to the GEM tag  , and in S phase by degradation targeted to AID itself. We note that even though the GEM tag was predicted to restrict nuclear protein to S-G2/M phases  , there was no nuclear AID-mCherry-GEM signal in any stage of cell cycle.Despite increases in overall and cytoplasmic PER levels  , nuclear PER levels are lower relative to wild type during the early subjective day  , providing further evidence that nuclear translocation is not strictly driven by protein accumulation 50 ,62. A further consequence of CK2α loss of function in core pacemaker neurons is a pattern of delayed PER decline  , consistent with the long period phenotype observed in these flies.Recent evidence indicated that WSB1 WD repeat and SOCS box-containing 1 is part of an E3 ubiquitin ligase and that it exhibits similarity with an interchangeable F-box protein β-TrCP1 that is implicated in nuclear factor-κB  , Wnt/Wingless  , and hedgehog signaling pathways 31 ,32. Moreover  , WSB1 was very recently shown to be associated with prognosis 30.Glutamate stimulation of WT-Jacob-GFP–transfected cultures kept in the presence of anisomycin resulted in an increase of somatic and nuclear GFP fluorescence with a time course comparable to that of the endogenous protein Figure 6A–6D. Using quantitative fluorescence time-lapse microscopy of hippocampal primary neurons transfected with WT-Jacob-GFP or the ΔNLS mutant  , we found that the presence of the NLS is essential for the nuclear translocation of Jacob.Nuclear extracts were prepared using Subcellular Protein Fractionation Kit for Cultured Cells Pierce Biotechnology according to the manufacturer’s protocol. PC3 cell line was used because of high expression of AP-1 components 79.Finally  , six of the probes tested revealed distinct staining patterns which did not include notochord: Od-aryl hydrocarbon receptor nuclear translocator Od-ARNT  , Od-proliferating cell nuclear antigen Od-PCNA  , Od-tensin  , Od-ATP citrate lyase Od-ACL  , ATP sulfurylase/adenosine 5'-phosphosulfate APS kinase Od-ASAK and Od-calmodulin-dependent protein kinase Od-CaMK Figure. 6 and Additional file 4.Jacob is only present in this fraction  , which contains RNA Polymerase II and represents the euchromatin. P: heterogeneously sized DNA bound to the nuclear scaffold; S1: protein fraction containing mononucleosomal-sized DNA fragments; S2: protein fraction containing a nucleosomal ladder of DNA fragments.These were annotated as "Unclassifed Chemokine receptor cluster-like". Simple BLAST searches identified many Ciona receptors as being similar to chemokine receptor cluster  , but they did not receive sufficient support in the phylogenetic analysis.In fact  , the moss has recently become the first organism with a completed mutual assignment of organelle editing sites to their nuclear PPR protein cofactors 17–19. Its low overall RNA editing frequencies have made Physcomitrella a particular interesting plant model to study RNA editing.The nuclear genome has 10 ,087 protein-coding genes  , almost twice as many as Z. bailii CLIB213T Table 1. We annotated genes using the Yeast Genome Annotation Pipeline YGAP  , assisted by RNA sequencing RNA-Seq data to identify introns.It could provide a means of regulating the export and thus the translation of the entire class of secretory protein–encoding mRNAs. What might be the purpose of having a separate nuclear transport pathway for proteins destined to be secreted from the cell ?Myrf the mouse ortholog of MYRF was previously reported to encode a nuclear protein  , based on immunofluorescence IF microscopy with an N-terminally Myc-tagged construct 17. Notably  , we identified well-conserved nuclear localization signals NLSs in the N-terminus K245KRK248 and K482KGK485 and potential N-linked glycosylation sites in the C-terminus Figure 1A.Protein levels were assessed in immunoblotting experiments with quantification of band intensities by using densitometry. Nuclear factor NF-κB activity in MCF-7Levels of I-κB and a reference protein glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase GAPDH in MCF-7CC  , MCF-7TXT8  , MCF-7TXT10  , and MCF-7TAX-1 cells in the absence or presence of 10 ng/ml Tumor-necrosis factor TNF-α.Staining with polyclonal antibodies made to D. melanogaster Dorsal and Twist factors reveals ventral to dorsal nuclear concentration gradients in all three species  , with detectably slightly narrower nuclear Dorsal concentration gradients in D. virilis and broader nuclear Dorsal concentration gradients in D. pseudoobscura relative to the D. melanogaster gradients Figures S5 and S6. A second potential reason for genome-wide adaptations could also be changes in the protein expression levels.Toll/TLR signaling via JNK/MAPK requires the participation of the ECSIT evolutionarily conserved signaling intermediate in Toll pathways adaptor protein 35  , which also provides a link between the Toll/TLR and TGF-b transforming growth factor-beta/BMP bone morphogenic protein pathways 36. In addition to the pathway leading to nuclear localization of NF-κB  , Toll/TLR signaling can activate the Jun N-terminal kinase JNK and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase MAPK pathways  , leading to transcription of a range of target genes via the AP1 activating protein 1/ATF activating transcriptionfactor 1 factors.Figure 7B reports the western blot analysis of nuclear extracts and lysates obtained from HP1a and GFP transfected cells using anti-PEP  , anti-DDP1 and anti-HRB87F antibodies. A band corresponding to FLAG-tagged protein is clearly evident in both immunopurified fractions  , confirming the efficiency of transfection and immunopurification.Hence  , there must be some free VirE2 proteins in the host cytosol  , which is consistent with our localization data Figure 4B. Also  , it is widely accepted by the community that the VirE2-ssDNA complex already forms in the host cytoplasm  , allowing subsequent nuclear import of the nucleo-protein complex into the nucleus 2.All these markers were previously used for phylogenetic analyses in arthropods. Seven markers displaying various rates of molecular evolution were used: two coding portions of mitochondrial genes Cytochrome oxidase I  , COI and Cytochrome b  , Cytb  , two coding regions of nuclear genes the F2 copy of elongation factor 1-alpha  , EF-1α and Wingless  , Wg and three at least partially non-coding regions of other nuclear genes the mitotic checkpoint control protein  , Bub3; the ribosomal protein L27a  , RpL27a  , and the ribosomal protein S4  , RpS4.The PEA15 protein associates with ERK in the cytoplasm  , restricting its nuclear entry  , thus functioning as a tumor suppressor. Thus  , AMPK-mediated phosphorylation of PEA15 could be an evolutionarily conserved pro-survival mechanism to withstand multiple stress conditions.Therefore  , it is conceivable that Jacob is indirectly coupled via CREB-binding proteins to the CREB signalosome. In initial experiments  , we could not establish a direct binding of Jacob to CREB although both proteins are found in the overlapping fractions after gel filtration of nuclear protein complexes unpublished data.CXCR  , Chemokine C-X-C receptor; DCC  , Dextran-coated charcoal; E2  , oestradiol; LTED  , Long-term oestrogen deprivation; wt  , Wild type. C MCF7-LTED and wt-MCF7 cells were treated with CCX704 as a negative control.There is no published data to support the idea that the ‘free’ Tlo protein is a stoichiometric member of an alternative complex. Since each of the CaTlo α and β proteins are expressed in excess of other CaMediator subunits  , there is also a large pool of ‘free’ CaTlo protein that is nuclear localized 37  , not associated with Mediator 26.In section 3 the requirements for a process agine resulting from the functionality sketched in section 2 are outlined. In the next section we give a brief example of the Merlin user interface.Consistent with this finding  , the vertebrate WASH consensus sequence possesses predicted nuclear localization  , nuclear export  , and sumoylation signals Figure S5. The Drosophila WASH protein was recently identified as a component of a nuclear complex containing various transcriptional factors and chromatin modifiers 34.The reference nuclear genes of protein complexes from Saccharomyces cerevisiae or Neurospora crassa were used to identify homologous sequences in the R. oryzae proteome. *: Duplicated protein complexes in R. oryzae retained after WGD.Equivalent amounts were immunoblotted with bFGF  , Lamin A  , or GAPDH antibody  , followed by IrDye-conjugated secondary antibodies. Nuclear or cytosolic protein was extracted from parental and chemo-residual cells.Genetic studies of these spliceosome factors have been hampered due to their essential functions. Components of the spliceosome include five small nuclear ribonucleoprotein particles snRNPs and a variable number of other protein factors over 100 have been indentified 3.Since the electroporation experiments demonstrate that the repression of the Tbx5 enhancer by Hoxc9 requires Hbs2 Fig. These results suggest that in vitro translated Hoxc9 and Hoxc5 can bind equivalently to Hbs2 and that the protein-DNA complexes from both rostral and caudal nuclear extract occupy Hbs2 specifically.Either nuclear protein or immunoprecipitated proteins were used for western blotting as described previously
76. Immunoprecipitation was performed following a standard protocol with H3K4me3 antibody from Millipore  , Billerica  , MA  , USA.Selective pressures on protein subcellular localization. The 95th percentile confidence intervals of the A/S ratio are 0.27  , 0.33 for extracellular proteins  , 0.21  , 0.24 for nuclear proteins  , 0.22  , 0.26 for cytoplasmic proteins  , and 0.26  , 0.29 for membrane proteins.Dopaminergic amacrine cells red and GABAergic cells blue reinforce the autonomously generated “day” and “night” states of oscillator cells yellow in the inner nuclear layer INL through rhythmic secretion of dopamine and GABA  , respectively. In addition  , endogenous GABA is proposed to reinforce the falling phase of PER rhythms through fostering degradation of accumulated PER protein.The transported metabolites analysis to be published together with the transports classification methodology in Genome-wide semi-automated annotation of transporter systems  , Dias et al.  , 2012  , provided by merlin  , confirms that such gene facilitates the efflux of sodium ions  , among the transport of other cations. The protein was annotated by the enzyme commission with the EC number 3.6.3.7 Na + exporting ATPase and in the transporter classification database as belonging to the 3.A.3 P-type ATPase P-ATPase Superfamily 3.A.3.#.#  , which includes proteins that promote cations  , such as sodium  , exchange or efflux.Upon cell fractionation  , muskelin is further enriched in fractions containing membranes and large protein complexes. At the subcellular level  , muskelin is identified in a punctate distribution throughout the neuron  , including synaptic sites  , and also displays nuclear localization.This suggests that PARP1 automodification plays important roles in the regulation of nuclear functions. However  , multiple observations in vivo and in vitro have confirmed that the main acceptor of nuclear pADPr in vivo is PARP1 protein itself reviewed in 2.When testing the hypothesis that some codon sites within chemokine receptor coding sequences have experienced positive selection pressure  , significant results were obtained for some codons within the genes CCR2 and CCR3 Table 1. Eight of the nine amino acids identified as having experienced positive selection in the coding sequence of CCR2 are located in extracellular domains of the protein; one positively selected amino acid residue is located in the second transmembrane domain  , near the transmembrane/extracellular boundary Figure 1.CCR5 is used by pathogens  , such as HIV  , as a coreceptor to enter host cells; the null allele protects humans from attacks of these pathogens. In the first example  , a null allele generated by a 32-nucleotide deletion in the chemokine C-C motif receptor 5 CCR5 gene was subject to positive selection in Caucasians in the recent human history 58 but see 69.As expected  , most embryos were indistinguishable from normal diploid females and males. We first examined cellularizing embryos from gyn-2; gyn-3 mothers for nuclear and cell morphology and for the presence of Sxl protein.EHMT protein was also undetectable by immunohistochemistry in EHMT mutant embryos  , md neurons  , and adult brains  , while showing a nuclear staining pattern in EHMT
+ animals Figures 1  , 2c  , and S1. No extra bands were detected by the C-terminally directed EHMT antibody 10 that would point to expression of an N-terminally truncated protein.Comparison of AID-mCherry vs. AIDF193A-mCherry and AID-mCherry-GEM vs. AIDF193-mCherry-GEM transductants showed that the F193A mutation reduced total and cytoplasmic signals several-fold or more  , and greatly increased nuclear signals; while signals were reduced to a lesser extent in AID-mCherry-CDT1 relative to AIDF193-mCherry-CDT1 transductants cf. HCS analysis showed that total and cytoplasmic mCherry signals were significantly lower in AIDF193A-mCherry-CDT1 and AIDF193A-mCherry-GEM transductants than in AIDF193A-mCherry transductants  , as predicted for tags that target the protein for nuclear degradation during a portion of cell cycle S3 Table and Fig 6C.It is built from almost 500 individual protein molecules of about 30 different types  , arranged in 8-fold symmetry to create a central pore through which proteins  , RNAs  , and all other molecules must pass in order to enter or exit the nucleus. The nuclear pore complex NPC is perhaps the most magnificent protein complex in the eukaryotic cell.+: Positive control DNA from a Rosa26 knock-in mouse generated from ES cells; H2O: negative control. Lower panel: PCR detection of the Galectin-1-E2A-PDL1 transgene using Lgals1F forward and Cd274R reverse primers.The K homology KH domain was originally identified in the heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein K hnRNP K of humans but it is also found in various proteins in archaea  , bacteria and other eukaryotes 40  , 41. In this study  , we identified HOS5 as a KH-domain protein.For estimating divergence times of genetic lineages in absence of fossil records of the investigated species  , we applied the general mutation rate for arthropods of COI  , ranging from 1.5–2.3 % sequence divergence per million years 48  , 49  , the mutation rates of the two nuclear genes are unknown and were estimated by BEAST 50 in a combined alignment. Further  , we included the nuclear protein-coding gene Histone 3 with an expected mutation rate intermediate between COI and the 28S rDNA fragment D3-D5 loop.Our results suggest that different intracellular cascades regulate expression of specific target genes  , and further experimentation will reveal potential genetic interactions between RET signaling and MAPK pathway. The negative RTK regulator  , Spry1  , which suppresses MAPK activity  , and chemokine receptor Cxcr4  , which is involved in migration in several cell types 51 were the only genes examined whose expression was reduced in dko UB epithelium.EHD4-GFP was exclusively co-localized with the OsMADS3-mCherry fusion protein a nuclear marker in the nucleus Figure 4  , indicating that EHD4 functions in the nucleus. We fused Ehd4 with GFP and transiently expressed the EHD4-GFP fusion protein in rice leaf protoplasts.Additionally  , a recent report has emerged showing that the microtubule-associated protein MARK4 is essential for cytoskeletal maintenance and regulation of the G1/S transition 51. Earlier work has shown that suppression of microtubule dynamic instability can enhance microtubule-mediated transport and induce the expression and nuclear translocation of the cell cycle protein P53 in human lung A549 cells 50.In addition protein linker sequences have been inserted at the junctions between ORFs. However the N-extein is either GFP or GFP with a nuclear localization signal  , NLS-GFP  , and the C-extein is a FLAG® epitope.Our observation of nuclear translocation of A2BP1 after repeated cocaine exposure suggests a robust role of A2BP1 in alternative splicing even though there is no change in total cellular levels of the protein. The protein kinase WNK3 binds to A2BP1 and suppresses its splicing activity through a kinase activity-dependent cytoplasmic re-localization of A2BP1
70.In spite of expression of transgenes up to 46% of the leaf protein 25 or 150–170 fold higher transcription than the nuclear transgene 26 ,27  , no gene silencing has been observed in transgenic chloroplasts. No gene silencing has been ever reported in transgenic chloroplasts.Phosphorylation of Sml1 during S phase or after DNA damage by Dun1 targets Sml1 for proteolysis  , which relieves the inhibition of RNR activity 14. The three key targets of the Mec1-Rad53-Dun1 pathway are Sml1  , a protein inhibitor of RNR; Crt1 Rfx1  , a transcription factor; and Dif1  , a protein that regulates the nuclear retention of Rnr2 and Rnr4 Figure 1.However  , multiple observations in vivo and in vitro have confirmed that the main acceptor of nuclear pADPr in vivo is PARP1 protein itself reviewed in 2. More than thirty pADPr acceptor proteins have been identified.These studies showed that the protein domains required for proper functioning of the heterodimeric transcription factor  , such as high affinity DNA binding  , nuclear localization signal NLS and transcriptional activation were not present in a single protein. The domain structures of HD proteins and the molecular interactions they are likely to undergo have been examined in detail in U. maydis 14 ,15 ,60 ,61  , C. cinerea 62  , Schizophylum commune 63 and C. neoformans 53.This state could be achieved either independently of VcMid concentration  , or through positive/negative reinforcement of initial expression states. Once the Mid-sensitive step of development is initiated which may coincide with nuclear translocation of VcMid protein  , positive and negative feedback loops may be used to lock the sex determination program into a male or female state.Early steps in the mRNA maturation pathway affect later processing steps by imprinting information on the transcript via protein binding reviewed in 31 ,32. Processes involved in mRNA maturation are highly interdependent and the presence of introns influences transcription  , polyadenylation  , nuclear export and translation 31.Similarly  , Ube1 is a protein with well established roles in cell cycle 33-36  , and VCP/p97 localization is intricately linked to the cell cycle  , with nuclear localization only occurring during late G1 phase 37. For example  , Pttg1 is an oncogene with a recently established role in regulating the G1 to S phase transition of cell cycle 32.The dampened and delayed nuclear entry of PER protein of CK2α-expressing smLNv provides support that CK2α normally functions to promote PER nuclear translocation. Despite increases in overall and cytoplasmic PER levels  , nuclear PER levels are lower relative to wild type during the early subjective day  , providing further evidence that nuclear translocation is not strictly driven by protein accumulation 50 ,62.The KOG categories over-represented in the Moset1-dependent down-regulated gene set were different from those in the upregulated gene sets  , and included “translation  , ribosomal structure and biogenesis” and “RNA processing and modification”. These included proteins homologous to nuclear ribonucleoprotein  , RNA helicase  , tRNA synthetase  , rRNA biogenesis protein  , polyA polymerase  , and polyA-binding protein.These previous results coupled with the findings presented here point to the extracellular domains of CC chemokine receptor proteins being especially relevant to studies of the evolution of structure and function of receptors for endogenous ligand binding ability and as targets of pathogen interaction. Previous studies on CCR2  , CCR3 and other CC chemokine receptors have identified the amine-terminus and extracellular domains as being important for both the endogenous ligand-binding functions 36-42 as well as for binding efficacy for pathogens in situations where these receptors have been co-opted as fusion proteins 24 ,43-45.In order to examine the subcellular distribution of Tif1γ protein  , we generated an affinity-purified rabbit polyclonal antiserum directed against the C-terminal 15 amino acids conserved in human TIF1γ and mouse Tif1γ. This provides further support for the hypothesis that Tif1γ acts within novel nuclear foci  , during erythroid differentiation.Although these foci do correspond to a less mobile form of ERα - indicating binding  , and they are the sites of recruitment of co-activators such as SRC-1  , they do not significantly overlap with sites of transcription  , calling into question whether they are the actual nuclear compartments for the activation of ERα-induced genes. For ERα  , the presence of the agonist ligand E2 results in rapid redistribution of the protein to discrete nuclear foci 16  , 17.Both the NLS and ‘non-NLS’ driven phenotypes were documented in strains that had a C-terminal 3HA epitope tag  , which allowed for monitoring protein expression and stability. NLS driven nuclear localization of GFP alone  , GFP-CaTloα12p  , GFP-CaTloα12TAD  , GFP-CdTlo1p had no effect on agar invasion or filamentation in embedded agar Fig 12.Here we present data demonstrating that BBS6 is actively transported between the cytoplasm and nucleus. This work provides insights into the disease pathophysiology underlying MKKS and reveals a new role for BBS6 in nuclear/cytoplasmic transport directly affecting the regulation of a core chromatin remodeling protein.It has been previously shown that lowering oxygen tension can reduce oxidative stress  , shifting metabolic fueling pathways from oxidative phosphorylation to glycolysis to aid in maintaining pluripotency and reprogramming 39  , 40. We chose to monitor the expression of Chemokine C-X-C Motif receptor 4 CXCR4 in live cells as a surrogate marker for DE differentiation because: 1 CXCR4 expression is specific to DE but absent in the visceral endoderm compartment at the late primitive streak stage ~E7.5 mouse embryo 41; and 2 human ES-derived CXCR4+ cells have been shown to display hallmarks of DE 7  , 15  , 42.Our study demonstrates  , for the first time  , that the nuclear localization of rSN1 in insect cells can be used for the large-scale production of this peptide  , which is important for further structural and functional analysis. We conclude that a crucial purification step was the homogenization of the nuclear fraction; the nuclei had to be sonicated until obtaining a low viscosity clarified homogenate to recover the bulk of the produced protein.For immunofluorescence tests  , an antibody meeting the following two criteria were considered passed: 1 the immunofluorescence pattern must conform to expectations for example  , nuclear staining for a chromatin protein; 2 no immunofluorescence signal is detected in mutants. If immunoblots were unsuccessful  , immunofluorescence was used as a characterization measure.In contrast  , cortical involvement in HD is well defined 2  , 16 and while it does not experience dramatic neuronal degeneration  , cortical neurons are known to exhibit the effects of protein aggregation and nuclear inclusion bodies characteristic of the disease. These changes  , together with the presence of reactive astrocytosis  , alter the cellular composition of the striatum.B Foci formation assay of NIH3T3 cells expressing vector control  , BRF2 or DSN1 protein. A Nuclear subcellular localization of BRF2 and DSN1 in NIH3T3 top and MCF10A bottom cells expressing BRF2-ZsGreen and DSN1-ZsGreen scale bar  , 25 μm.To investigate the specific role that different components of the NE play in the control of chromatin organization and gene expression  , we generated genome-wide interaction maps of the sole C. elegans nuclear lamina protein  , lamin/LMN-1  , and the inner nuclear membrane protein emerin/EMR-1  , in adult C. elegans nematodes using DamID 32. We conclude that the Dam-fusion proteins mimic the localization of their endogenous counterparts and their presence did not produce any apparent deleterious effects.Bottom  , GATA-1 protein levels were quantified by chemiluminescence Intelligent Dark box  , LAS-3000  , Fujifilm and normalized for β ˜-actin protein levels n = 3. Nuclear extracts were subjected to western blot analysis using an α-GATA-1 Ab and reprobed with an anti–β-actin α-Actin Ab AC-15 clone; Sigma.B When integuments arise STK-GFP signal is localized in the nucellus and in the funiculus. A Early ovule development: STK-GFP nuclear protein is expressed in the placenta and in the ovule primordia.Results from a comparable analysis of D. melanogaster protein evolution are shown in Table S21. The GO terms with p < 0.001 and n
> 10 genes include nuclear envelope  , nuclear pore  , amino acid-polyamine transporter activity  , ubiquitin-specific protease activity  , protein deubiquitination  , and protein import into the nucleus.NLS IV contains two murine substitution sites  , but the effect of these substitutions is predicted to be minor  , as all of the positively charged amino acids important for the nuclear localization signal are conserved. Yet  , in light of previous work showing that NLS IV  , at the C terminus of the protein position 409–416 of the human protein  , is the functionally relevant NLS  , required and sufficient for nuclear localization of murine ZIPK 4  , the possible functional implication of the loss of the linker region in NLS II in influencing the nuclear localization of ZIPK is unclear.E PC12 cells co-transfected with an expression vector encoding enhanced green fluorescent protein pEGFP and vehicle control or indicated siRNAs were treated with 400 μM H2O2 for 16 h. Transfected cells were shown by the green fluorescence emitted by green fluorescent protein GFP  , and nuclear morphology was visualized by DAPI staining blue. Scale bar  , 10 μm.Jacob harbours an N-terminal myristoylation consensus motif. In contrast to the WT-Jacob-GFP construct  , transient transfection of COS-7 cells with the ΔMyr-Jacob-GFP construct led to an exclusive nuclear localization of the mutant protein Figure 3F.The RTT R294X mutation truncates the protein within the transcriptional repression domain TRD  , but maintains the nuclear localization signal. The RTT R106W allele produces a missense mutation within the MBD that eliminates the protein's ability to bind DNA 22.Quantitative analysis of the protein content see Figure 7 relative to nucleus  , cytosol  , cytoskeleton  , and membrane sub-cellular fractions have shown a drastic reduction of the nuclear protein content in EC exposed to flow. Cells that exit the cell cycle to enter and stay at resting G0 phase is characteristic of terminally differentiated cells.We used the nearest marker at each binding site to estimate IBD for the 15 possible sib pairs. We then used MERLIN 61 to filter out improbable genotypes and compute IBD at our marker locations option “–ibd”.Mitochondria are composed of proteins encoded by the nuclear and mitochondrial genomes. The most common cause of mitochondrial diseases are defects in the translational machinery reviewed in 3  , however the mechanisms of mitochondrial protein synthesis are not well understood.Gata4 is required for epithelial proliferation during the initiation phase  , while the latter two promote cell survival during the growth phase 11–14. The transcription factors Gata4  , Nuclear receptor subfamily 5 group a1 Nr5a1  , also called Steroidogenic factor 1  , Sf1  , and Wilms tumor protein 1 Wt1 regulate early mouse gonad development.Noncleavable Mps3 accumulates at the nuclear periphery this study  , indicating that in addition to Mps3 cleavage  , the proteasome activity also regulates Mps3 protein homeostasis at the nuclear membranes. In either scenario  , the proteasome would play a crucial role in modifying Mps3 located at both the SPB half-bridge and the nuclear membranes.Nf-y is a heterotrimeric protein composed of the three subunits Nf-ya  , Nf-yb and Nf-yc. The CCAAT box is the binding site of the ubiquitous transcription factor nuclear factor y Nf-y  , previously also termed Cbf for CCAAT-binding factor; reviewed in 26.In summary  , digitonin extraction effectively removes cytoplasmic  , but not nuclear or ER-associated factors  , while simultaneously preserving ER-morphology. In contrast  , the large ribosomal protein RPLP0 localized in a diffuse cytoplasmic pattern in intact cells Figure S1H and in a reticular pattern that co-localized with Trapα in digitonin-extracted cells Figure S1I.Although merlin uses remote BLAST similarity searches to classify gene products  , the transporter information is obtained by performing local smith-waterman SW similarity alignments
56 with the TCDB  , to identify the TCS Transporter Classification Superfamily number of the genes that encode transporter proteins. An article with the detailed description of this methodology Genome-wide semi-automated annotation of transporter systems  , Dias et al.  , 2012 has been recently submitted.Recombinant proteins in plants may be obtained by stable genetic transformation either nuclear or plastid or through transient expression 20–22. The advantages of using plants for protein production include the low final cost and inherent safety of products due to the absence of pathogens common for plants and animals.In addition  , an analysis of 50 randomly chosen nuclear genes revealed that L. thermotolerans and L. kluyveri share similar levels of divergence at the nuclear genome level. Interestingly  , mt genomes among L. thermotolerans isolates are highly conserved  , have low dN/dS values across all protein-coding genes and appear to be under more extreme levels of purifying selection than in L. kluyveri.Co-immunoprecipitation assays using rabbit anti-GFP antibody. Nuclear GFP protein does not interact with Coilin.For COI  , BLAST NCBI  , Maryland  , USA was employed to identify similar sequences from GenBank which were then included in the alignment calculated with Muscle in MEGA 5.2.2 58. Mitochondrial and nuclear protein-coding sequences were checked for open reading frames  , stop codons or unexpected indels; this was to ensure that the target gene had been sequenced 57.We show that nuclear AID accelerates SHM and CSR  , and is tolerated by cells in G1 phase  , but compromises viability in S-G2/M phase. We directly test the role of cell cycle regulation by fusing AID to tags derived from cell cycle regulators CDT1 and Geminin 32 to destroy nuclear protein outside G1 or S-G2/M phase.EMSAs were performed as previously described with minor modifications 2. Nuclear extracts from C2C12 cells were prepared using the NucBuster Protein Extraction kit Novagen.D Schematic representation of the mutated NF-κB-binding site in Har-CL promoter MutκBHCLp. FNE  , fat body nuclear extracts as a positive control lane 1; Har-Rel-D  , in vitro-translated protein lane 2; LP1  , specific probe lane 3; nS  , non-specific competitor lane 4.Co-crystal or nuclear magnetic resonance structures of protein/quadruplex complexes are essential to identify the structural determinants that attract specific proteins to specific quadruplexes. What distinguishes those quadruplexes ?Jab1 nuclear expression correlates with increased EGFR and S100A7 in breast tumors. EGFR  , epidermal growth factor receptor; Jab1  , c-Jun activation domain-binding protein-1.Nuclear receptors and BRCA1 require coactivator proteins such as p300 and its close relative CREB-binding protein CBP to activate target gene transcription 21. Both ER and RAR have functional domains for DNA binding  , ligand binding  , dimerization  , and transcriptional activation.The purity of the respective preparations was confirmed using antibodies recognizing the exclusively cytoplasmic tubulin and nuclear Histone H3 proteins Fig 1C. For western blot analysis  , protein amounts from the same number of cells were used for all fractions.We chose to investigate the nuclear distribution of phosphohistone H2Ax in Wld-transfected HEK293 cells because this protein has a well-established role in the cell cycle 53 ,54 and was among the largest protein changes identified in HEK293 cells Figure 5; see Figures 2 and 4 for phosphohistone H2Ax protein levels in vivo and in vitro. Because the Wlds protein is known to have a predominantly nuclear distribution 20 ,21  , and most cell cycle proteins modulate cell cycle via interactions in the nucleus  , we next tested whether Wldexpression altered the nuclear expression of cell cycle proteins.Quantification showed that the degree of compensation is very similar among the six subunits of the RNase MRP and nuclear RNase P complexes Fig 4B. As shown in Fig 4  , we found that six of seven subunits of the RNase MRP and nuclear RNase P complexes  , NSL1 in the MIND complex  , and EMP24 in the Erp2 complex were compensated at the protein level but not at the mRNA level.In fact  , it has been shown that herceptin can downregulate the expression of chemokine C-X-C motif receptor 4 CXCR4  , which is required for HER2-enhanced invasion  , migration  , and metastasis 35. This finding is in line with data obtained by Cristofanilli’s group 34 and could possibly be related to the targeted therapy to which the MBC patient population is exposed.The annotated genome of this organism brings some new insights on its capabilities and allowed the reconstruction of the Kluyveromyces lactis genome-scale metabolic model currently being finalized. The re-annotation of the proteins encoded in the K. lactis CBS 2359 metabolic genome was performed in a semi-automatic manner by combining the use of the software merlin51  , developed in-house and available for download at
http://www.merlin-sysbio.org and manual inspection.Hul5  , a nuclear protein that relocalizes to the cytoplasm upon heat shock  , and Rsp5 have been identified as the two ligases responsible for the marked increase in cytoplasmic protein ubiquitination following heat shock stress 19  , 20. It does so either alone  , or in conjunction with other E3 ligases such as Ubr2 in the case of newly synthesized kinases  , or with the nuclear San1 where both are required for the complete degradation of the engineered ∆ssCPY*-GFP substrate 15  , 16.Analyses of concatenated nuclear or nuclear and mitochondrial data usually eg 36-38  , but not always 39 prefer the traditional hypothesis of Primates monophyly. Our protein  , but not DNA data reject monophyly of primates as assessed by the AU test of competing tree topologies.Recombination or gene conversion between paralogs in the chemokine receptor family has been investigated and described  , particularly for CCR2/5 conversion in several orders of mammals 31 ,46-50. These conversion events have primarily involved transmembrane regions  , but some conversion events have occurred more extensively over CCR gene sequences and have impacted extracellular domains; for example the first extracellular loop of CCR5 converted by recombination with CCR2 in Mus 31  , extracellular loop 2 of CCR5 converted by recombination with CCR2 in Homo and Oryctolagus 31 ,46 ,50  , and extracellular loop 3 of CCR3 converted by recombination with CCR1 in Mus 31.TAMs play a major role both as producers and targets of multiple chemokines of the CCL family Figs. In contrast  , several CXCL type chemokine genes are expressed by both cell types  , however  , significant expression of genes coding for their cognate receptor genes was only detectable for CXCR4 in both cell types  , consistent with its description as an independent predictor of a poor clinical outcome of ovarian cancer 54.Cells within a population are individually analyzed by confocal microscopy and scored as either peripheral  , if the Lac I-GFP co-localizes with the nuclear envelope marked by the endoplasmic reticulum/nuclear envelope membrane protein Sec63-myc  , or nucleoplasmic  , if the Lac I-GFP does not co-localize with the nuclear envelope 6 Figure 1A. The array can then be localized as a green fluorescent protein GFP-labeled spot in cells expressing the lac repressor tagged with GFP Lac I-GFP.This indicates that in a SB431542 context and therefore even in the absence of the carrier protein Chordin  , BMP2/4 is widely diffusible and can trigger long-range signaling within the ectoderm. In contrast  , injection of BMP2/4 mRNA at the two-cell stage combined with SB431542 treatment resulted in a dramatic increase of nuclear pSmad1/5/8 staining  , all cells of the ectoderm displaying strong nuclear staining Figure 9Bxiii–xx.Radioimmunoprecipitation assay RIPA buffer extracts were utilized in the protein extraction of all tissues and Western blots were carried out as previously described 25. Nuclear and cytoplasmic extracts were prepared as previously described 24.We analyzed subcellular distribution of AID in the human B cell line  , Ramos  , transduced with a lentiviral construct expressing human AID fused at the C-terminus to the mCherry fluorescent protein AID-mCherry. These results are consistent with previous reports that AID undergoes nuclear proteolysis 20 ,21.An elegant recent study established a role of the classical Importin-mediated nuclear import for synapse-to-nucleus communication 26. Moreover  , application of anisomycin after NMDA receptor activation did not affect the increase of nuclear Jacob IR  , indicating that a recruitment of already existing extranuclear protein underlies the increased Jacob levels in hippocampal nuclei  , but not de novo protein synthesis Figure S4C and S4D.2C: the ecdysone receptor complex  , consisting of the nuclear hormone receptors EcR and usp 27 ,45  , and the Brahma SWI2/SNF2 family ATPase chromatin-remodeling complex  , comprising osa and dalao 46 ,47. We calculated which protein complexes were over-represented with respect to the frequency of their components among the high confidence hits in the RNAi screen  , and found  , besides the PP2A complex  , two other major protein complexes among the high confidence hits in the RNAi screen Fig.Often these modifications occur in polymorphic human proteins  , such as the keratin-associated proteins  , the VCX/Y proteins  , the nuclear pore interacting proteins  , and the prostate-ovary-testis-endometrium proteins. In the majority of cases  , the reading frame of the original protein is preserved and variable ITRs cause the elongation of low complexity regions in between globular domains as well as of amino acid repeats  , such as zinc fingers and protein-specific repeats Table S2 in Additional file 2.Immunoblotting experiments of the insoluble fraction prepared from the mutant testis nuclear extracts identified the phosphorylated forms of SYCP2  , STAG3 and REC8  , as well as the Ser1083-phosphorylated form of SMC3 Figure 4D and 4F. The mutated BRCA1 protein fails to correctly distribute recombination proteins to repair sites and ATR to unsynapsed chromosomal regions in spermatocytes 13  , 31  , 32.However  , phosphorylation of PEA15 leads to changes in its binding partners  , and converts it into a tumor promoter 21. The PEA15 protein associates with ERK in the cytoplasm  , restricting its nuclear entry  , thus functioning as a tumor suppressor.1a were quantified using Image J software NIH  , and the relative ratio of nuclear bFGF to loading control is shown for parental and chemo-residual SUM159 cells. Right panel: protein bands from three independent trials doxorubicin treatment  , as described in Fig.First  , we fractionated DLP protein from the cytosol and nucleus of wild-type and DJ-1β mutant fly heads Figure 2K. As mammalian DJ-1 inhibits translocation of the nuclear Daxx to the cytosol 33  , 46  , we examined whether Drosophila DJ-1β also regulates subcellular localization of DLP.Cells incubated either with FP1UG or SHPR190 were separated into cytoplasmic  , nuclear and membrane fractions. We then investigated in which cell compartment the protein was present.Nuclear extracts 5μg were incubated at room temperature either with the biotin-labeled probe alone or with the biotin-labeled probe and 50 or 200-fold molar excess unlabeled competitor probe for 20 min  , before loading on a 4% nondenaturing acrylamide gel and subjected to autoradiography. Nuclear extracts were prepared using Subcellular Protein Fractionation Kit for Cultured Cells Pierce Biotechnology according to the manufacturer’s protocol.Nuclei that had been isolated from the transfected cells and extracted in Triton X-100 continued to show a high content of the GFP fusion protein 
Figure 2A  , bottom panel  , suggesting that this protein could be bound to chromatin. In some cells the proportion of nuclear expression was comparatively high 
Figure 2A  , center panels  , but often cytoplasmic expression predominated see
Figure 3A  , possibly as a consequence of artificial over-expression.Although we observed NFAT1 nuclear translocation in response to PMA/ionomycin  , we were unable to detect phosphorylation of NFAT1S79. Whether this is a direct effect on NFAT-1-calcineurin binding or is indirect via  , for example  , enhanced phosphorylation of other residues or dissociation of an inactive cytoplasmic protein complex containing NFAT1 remains to be determined.In addition  , Jacob harbours a well-conserved bipartite nuclear localization signal NLS. Analysis of the primary structure of Jacob revealed a putative N-terminal myristoylation site and several potential phosphorylation sites for protein kinase C PKC  , cAMP-/cGMP-dependent protein kinases  , and protein tyrosine kinases Figures 1 and S1A.These prematurely cellularizing embryos could be subdivided based on their pattern of Sxl protein staining. These rare progeny possessed relatively large nuclei and cellularized at cycle 13 nuclear density Figure 4.Several roles of RanBP2 have emerged that implicate RanBP2 in nucleocytoplasmic trafficking 3 ,5  , protein biogenesis 6 ,7  , the formation of the mitotic spindle  , assembly of the nuclear envelope 8  , and the integration of the nuclear envelope breakdown with kinetochore formation and maturation during early mitotic progression 9. The RanBP2/Nup358 is a unique vertebrate and large scaffold protein comprised of multiple structural and functional domains 1–4.These included proteins homologous to nuclear ribonucleoprotein  , RNA helicase  , tRNA synthetase  , rRNA biogenesis protein  , polyA polymerase  , and polyA-binding protein. In addition  , various nucleic acid binding proteins  , especially those that bind RNA  , were down-regulated in a Moset1-dependent manner.Fusion constructs were co-transfected into BHK21 cells together with a red fluorescent protein membrane marker as a reference. To test whether the linear dose-response of these candidates with unknown function correlates with nuclear localization  , we generated carboxy-terminal green fluorescent protein GFP-tagged proteins and analyzed their subcellular localization.Once nuclear division has occurred  , the cell moves quickly into S phase without an appreciable G1. In S. pombe  , when cells reach a critical size  , the Cdc2 protein kinase is activated both by cyclin binding and also by Cdc25 phosphatase removal of the inhibitory phosphate from tyr15 of Cdc2  , and this leads to mitosis.This paper presents the results of PAML hypothesis testing on chemokine receptor sequence datasets with "Site" models only 33 ,34. Each set of orthologous gene sequences was analyzed independently of one another such that only CCR1 gene sequences were included in the first data set  , only CCR2 gene sequences were included in the second data set  , and so on for each of the ten CCR genes i.e.  , paralogous genes were not in the same data set.I: input post-nuclear fraction  , C: cytosol-rich fraction  , P: peroxisome-rich fraction. G. Western blot of fractionated liver protein extracts of Tysnd1
−/− and wild-type.This antibody not only reacts with its authentic target  , but also cross-reacts with PCYT1A  , a nuclear membrane protein with no clinical implication on Cisplatin drug resistance. With this technology  , we screened a number of commonly used anti-ERCC1 antibodies and discovered that 8F1  , the most cited monoclonal antibody in clinical studies  , is not specific.On the contrary  , the impairment of SNO homeostasis increased the presence of this receptor in the nuclear fraction from these cells Figure 6. As shown in Figure 6  , treatment with auranofin and/or CSNO decreased the levels of cytosolic ERα  , compared with control cells  , where the absence of the estrogen signal induced higher levels of stabilized cytosolic ERα protein.The Common Lisp Framework CLF 11 incorporates AP5 rules with data-driven forward chaining. 1 Merlin 35 is similar to MARVEL  , but employs two distinct styles of rules: Backward chaining on logic programming rules establish which process steps are currently valid in the user's current roles  , and then forward chaining on planning system rules guides the user through an automated process sequence.No interaction between GFP and Coilin proteins has been detected. First  , to test whether GFP protein itself interacts with CB  , we immunoprecipitated protein complexes with anti-GFP antibody from Drosophila stock expressing nuclear GFP protein Figure S2B.Interestingly  , this NLS is part of an incomplete IQ motif Figures 1 and S1A  , a protein–protein interaction region characteristic for CaM binding 20–21. In addition  , Jacob harbours a well-conserved bipartite nuclear localization signal NLS.Both TP53INP1 and TIAF1 genes were found to be overexpressed in the naturally occurring TReg cells in our study. Although TIAF1 TGFB-1 induced antiapoptotic factor 1 interacts with TP53 in the cytosol and may participate in its nuclear translocation  , TP53INP1 TP53 inducible nuclear protein 1 is engaged in the regulation of TP53 activity in the nucleus 29 ,30.However  , chronic cocaine induced a >2.5-fold increase in A2BP1 protein levels in nuclear lysates Figure 
2C. Consistent with the mRNA finding  , we did not observe a significant change of A2BP1 from whole NAc lysates data not shown.In addition  , several genes coding for adhesion molecules such as Vcam-1 genes coding for MHC II  , as well as genes controlling its activity  , were up-regulated and in cooperation with the mentioned chemokines aid in leukocyte extravasation. These included the chemokines Macrophage inflammatory protein-1β Ccl4/Mip-1β  , a chemoattractant for NK-cells and monocytes 27  , macrophage inflammatory protein-1α Ccl3/Mip-1α which is involved in the recruitment and activation of polymorphonuclear leukocytes and has been shown to be induced by LPS treatment in fetal microglia 28  , Cxcl10  , which may induce neuronal apoptosis 29 and the chemokine receptor Ccrl2.We also found that PCYT1A exhibits similar biochemical and immunohistochemical properties as the spurious target discovered by Bhagwat et al. In this study  , we have successfully identified PCYT1A  , a nuclear membrane protein  , as the 8F1 cross-reactive protein.The IE-B class contains both the longest documented mamiellophycean intron and the first documented occurrence of a nuclear intron-encoded protein within Mamiellophyceae. As such  , the function of this protein  , or the reason why it is embedded within these IEs  , is unknown.Moreover  , ultraconserved exons were found to originate from an old short interspersed nuclear element SINE 13. An analysis of protein databases indicates that mammalian interspersed repeat MIR and CR1 chicken repeat 1 TEs can contribute to human protein diversification also 7.TXNIP also associates with the von Hippel-Landau protein pVHL  , enhancing the interaction between pVHL and HIF1α to promote nuclear export and degradation of HIF1α. TXNIP increases p16 and p27KIP1 protein levels  , leading to cell cycle arrest.Nuclear extracts were tested for presence of the fusion protein using a delangin-specific antibody and streptavidin horseradish peroxidase. 20 C88
BIR/biotag-delangin clones were isolated and induced to differentiate.It had been shown previously that the small amount of truncated BRCA2 protein expressed by CAPAN-1 cells was mislocalized to the cytoplasm  , consistent with the fact that the truncation protein lacks a nuclear localization signal 28. The localization of RAD51 was examined in CAPAN-1 cells  , the same human tumor line examined by Moynahan et al 24.After 24 h of settling time  , we initiated high-magnification time-lapse live imaging in 3-D with 6-min intervals for up to 24 h. Nuclear H2B-GFP fusion protein enabled us to observe cell divisions and to track individual cell nuclei. 1B 25 ,26.For nuclear localization experiments  , nuclear and cytoplasmic fractions were isolated using the NE-PER kit Pierce. For HSF1 phosphorylation experiments  , protein extracts were isolated either in the presence or absence of the Halt phosphatase inhibitor cocktail Pierce.The mechanism by which Mediator membership facilitates the accumulation of a pool of ‘free’ Tlo protein is still a black box. When the gene encoding this subunit became amplified in C. albicans  , Mediator membership conferred two critical properties  , a TAD and nuclear localization  , necessary to impact the transcriptional programing of the cell.Astroglial markers reported in common with our data were seen in Niemann-Pick acid sphingomyelinase knockout mice 47  , such as GFAP and aquaporin. In the Sandhoff disease mouse model 46  , microglial activation was shown to precede neurodegeneration and was associated with upregulation of macrophage markers CD68/macrosialin  , galectin 3  , cathepsins S and C  , Mpeg1  , and glycoprotein49a  , which we also observed.As suspected from Bhagwat et al  , 8F1 not only reacts with its authentic target ERCC1 protein  , but also binds strongly with an un-related nuclear protein  , PCYT1A see subarray 6B in Figure
2A. To evaluate the 8F1 target specificity  , this antibody was incubated at 5ug/ml concentration with the protein microarray chip.Hence  , the bipartite NLS seems to be necessary and sufficient for nuclear import of Jacob as the double mutant ΔNLS/ΔMyr-Jacob-GFP is extranuclear in transfected COS-7 cells. Transfection of this construct in COS-7 cells resulted in an extranuclear localization of the mutant protein Figure 3F.A detailed description of the RT reaction and quantitative PCR qPCR conditions can be found in the supplementary methods section Additional file 2. As reference genes  , the TATA box binding protein TBP and heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein M HNRPM or HNRNPM fibroblasts genes or signal recognition particle receptor SRPR  , HNRPM and TBP epithelial cells genes were used.Observed changes in Decr mice are indicated with red arrows. Nuclear translocation of TORC2  , which is needed for activation of the gluconeogenic program  , is controlled by phosphorylation by activated AMPK AMP–activated protein kinase and SIK salt-inducible kinase.As reference genes  , the TATA box binding protein TBP and heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein M HNRPM or HNRNPM fibroblasts genes or signal recognition particle receptor SRPR  , HNRPM and TBP epithelial cells genes were used. Each gene was measured at least twice in each sample.The bottom band shows the crossreaction of the antibody with a non-specific binding protein. Protein associated with biotinylated Pint or the anti-sense control RNA incubated with nuclear extracts.SynCAM-1  , Neuropilin-2  , the chemokine receptor CCR7  , and E-selectin ligand-1 68–71. In addition they can be used to get more insight into the role of ST8SiaII and ST8SiaIV on the polysialylation of targets different from NCAM i.e.This implies that the nuclear localization signal comprising residues 61–80 constitutes or contains a nucleolar localization signal. Interestingly  , the GFP-BED1/2y fusion protein residues 90–384 also showed nuclear localization  , but as an exclusion from the nucleolus Figure 4B.Active nuclear export was confirmed by showing that treatment with LMB or LMB+MG132 caused a comparable increase in nuclear signal relative to untreated cells in AID-mCherry  , AID-mCherry-CDT1 and AID-mCherry-GEM transductants S7 Fig. Nonetheless both the CDT1 and GEM tags did target the fusion protein for nuclear degradation during a portion of cell cycle  , as predicted  , as HCS analysis showed that total and cytoplasmic mCherry signals were significantly lower in AID-mCherry-CDT1 and AID-mCherry-GEM relative to AID-mCherry transductant populations p = 0; S3 Table and Fig 4C.We also found that Pttg1 protein levels another protein that regulates cell cycle pathways 32 were significantly increased in Wldcerebellum Figure 2  , which is in keeping with changes in all other cell cycle regulators modified by Wld. In addition  , immunocytochemical staining for Ube1 confirmed increased nuclear expression levels in Wld-expressing neurons in vivo Figure 3.Using a short-term chemotherapy enrichment model  , we have identified a nuclear bFGF isoform  , the expression of which is dependent on cap-independent protein translation  , that determines survival of TN chemo-residual tumor cells. Our study is unique in studying proteins that are upregulated in chemo-residual TN tumor cells.We used a specific antibody against the promyelocytic leukemia PML protein to study the fate of the PML nuclear bodies  , which are well-characterized subnuclear structures 22. We also wondered whether loss of p150CAF-1 in ES cells specifically affects the heterochromatin nuclear subcompartment  , or whether it might result in a more global loss of nuclear organization and architecture.At the same time  , the encoded protein was detected using an antibody directed against the firefly luciferase protein Additional file 1: Figure S4. To test more directly for the suggested nuclear retention of iSINEs 17 we performed RNA-FISH using a firefly antisense probe to detect the RNA transcribed from 1SINE  , dSINE  , and iSINE constructs.Indeed  , whenever a Saccharomyces cerevisiae homologue was available  , merlin would consistently select the baker’s yeast gene annotation to annotate the Kluyveromyces lactis gene. The homologues’ taxonomic distribution was  , as it will be shown in the Results section  , biased.The notable Merlin extensions include firstly to organise rules in clusters. 'he information about the rule call  , the backtrack points  , the variable list  , the variable names  , and the current bindings are kept in main memory.1 Merlin 35 is similar to MARVEL  , but employs two distinct styles of rules: Backward chaining on logic programming rules establish which process steps are currently valid in the user's current roles  , and then forward chaining on planning system rules guides the user through an automated process sequence. Synchronization is implicit in data access  , since MARVEL 3.0 enforces serializability among concurrent consistency chains and automation rules 6.Statistical significance was evaluated using partial Spearman’s correlation at a false discovery rate threshold of 0.01. For a pair of interacting chemokine and receptor genes  , if both are significantly correlated with immune cell infiltration in one cancer  , a colored dot represents the cancer type is placed on the edge connecting the chemokine and receptor.The ngLOC method  , which uses a 7-gram peptide to explore the protein sample space along the entire length of the protein  , is probably discovering many of these NLSs in the nuclear sequences. These NLSs can vary significantly between species.The effect of the mael mutation extended to TDRD9 as this protein completely failed to accumulate in cytoplasmic granules Figure 4D. Second  , nuclear accumulation of MIWI2 was delayed  , with the protein becoming detectable in the nucleus at E18.5 rather than at E16.5 compare left panels in Figure 4C and 4C’.These data show that 8F1 recognizes not only its specific target two ERCC1 transcript variants  , but also another unrelated nuclear membrane protein PCYT1A. The positive reactive proteins are highlighted with red arrows.To test this we deleted NDJ1  , encoding a telomere-associated protein that promotes attachment of chromosome ends to the nuclear envelope  , and assayed collisions under this condition where the bouquet is absent 70  , 73  , 89. We reasoned that disrupting the bouquet might reverse the increased levels of nonspecific interactions conferred by rec8Δ.These results suggest that amino acid residues present in intracellular and membrane-bound domains of mammalian CC motif chemokine receptor proteins are more selectively constrained  , whereas amino acid residues in extracellular domains of these receptor proteins evolve more quickly  , perhaps due to heightened selective pressure resulting from ligand-binding and pathogen interactions of extracellular domains. Nineteen of the twenty amino acid sites identified as having experienced positive selection are located in extracellular domains of the chemokine receptor proteins CCR2 and CCR3.To identify new interacting partners which may lend insight into nuclear-transport-related functions  , we created a zebrafish line with an inducible promoter driving bbs6 expression. In contrast  , the melanosome transport delay is significantly suppressed in sibling Tgbbs6 morphants with heat-shock induced expression of the GFP-Bbs6 protein Fig 3E  , demonstrating that the GFP-Bbs6 fusion protein is functional in vivo.However  , there is evidence that nuclear-encoded mitochondrial transcripts can localize to the vicinity of mitochondria prior to translation 26  , 27. The textbook description of nuclear-encoded mitochondrial genes has translation of these genes occurring within the general pool of cytoplasmic proteins  , with subsequent protein localization due solely to the mitochondrial targeting peptide sequence.The pathway members are colored by their gene family categories  , including Chemokine  , Tumor Necrosis Factor TNF  , Interleukin  , and Receptor Tyrosine Kinase RTK. For all members in KEGG pathway Cytokine Cytokine-Receptor Interaction  , we selected the genes indicating death risk with FDR threshold 0.05.A novel candidate identified in the present study was the chemokine receptor CCR8. CXCR5 is a receptor for the CXCL13 chemokine  , for which we recently showed that genomic instability is a mechanism associated with intratumoral Tfh and B-cell infiltration in CRC 13.D Cleaved transcriptionally active SREBPs in nuclear extracts from cerebral cortices. C Protein levels of SREBP precursors and squalene epoxidase SQLE in cytoplasmic extracts from cerebral cortices.We focused on two genes that are currently annotated as uncharacterized sequence orphans  , SPBP8B7.28c and SPBC2G2.14  , whose protein products were shown to be nuclear localized by a genome-wide localization study 49. We predicted that some  , especially those of unknown function  , might be involved in centromere silencing.Erinacine P showed the lowest cross reactivity with IC50 = 21.1%. Therefore  , striatin B and striatal B possess the same antigenic determinants.IHC staining of MAPKs pan and phosphorylated p ERK1/2  , pan JNK1/2  , p-JNK1/2  , pan p38  , p-p38  , p-ATF2 and p-C-JUN revealed nuclear expression of phosphorylated proteins except p-ERK1/2 which showed both nuclear and cytoplasmic expression. Specificity of MAPKs proteins was confirmed by Western blot which revealed specific band for each protein Online Resource.The presence of Shv in different cell types suggests that Shv protein may play multiple roles in spermatogenesis. In addition  , consistent with the presence of a predicted nuclear localization signal in the Shv protein S2A Fig  , Shv was detected in the nucleus of primary spermatocytes  , but not in shv mutant Fig 2D and S4D Fig.The roles of TXNIP in the immune system and in human metabolism are not yet fully understood. TXNIP also associates with the von Hippel-Landau protein pVHL  , enhancing the interaction between pVHL and HIF1α to promote nuclear export and degradation of HIF1α.This work provides insights into the disease pathophysiology underlying MKKS and reveals a new role for BBS6 in nuclear/cytoplasmic transport directly affecting the regulation of a core chromatin remodeling protein. Moreover  , we demonstrate subcellular localization changes and overlapping transcriptional profiles which support that the BBS6 changes are mediated in part through SMARCC1.These particles were then incubated with HeLa cell extract in the absence or presence of RanQ69L-GTP  , a Ran mutant locked in the GTP-bound state  , to analyze RanGTP-dependent binding of nuclear export receptors to pre-60S. Protein composition analysis of this particle showed the presence of 60S trans-acting factors like the export adaptor Nmd3  , C15orf15 Rlp24  , ribosomal-like protein 24  , and ribosomal proteins of the large subunit Figure 6B and Figure S8A.Labeled arrows between the boxes describe the relations between objects . A working context in Merlin is displayed on the screen in a hypertext-like manner as follows objects are represented as boxes  , the boxes have menus attached at the upper right comer which contain the activities which could be and/or have to be performed on the objects.These hyperthickened areas were marked by excessive proliferation  , as revealed by antibodies against the proliferating nuclear antigen Ki67 Figure 2D and 2E. The mosaic morphology was reflected at the level of Tg Snail protein  , with only the hyperthickened regions expressing nuclear HA-tagged Snail Figure 2C.We first tried to sequence the Z. parabailii genome using Illumina technology  , but even with high coverage  , we were unable to obtain long contigs. The nuclear genome has 10 ,087 protein-coding genes  , almost twice as many as Z. bailii CLIB213T Table 1.The two-point and multipoint linkage analyses Genehunter 26  , Allegro 27 and Merlin 28 were performed assuming a fully penetrant autosomal recessive trait with a disease frequency of 0.001 and no phenocopies. The maximum expected lod score for a first cousin marriage with 4 affected children is approximately 3.01.All of these proteins limit growth by mediating the phosphorylation and cytosolic retention of the transcriptional co-activator Yorkie Yki/YES Associated Protein YAP 9 ,11  , preventing Yki from up-regulating genes that promote growth 9 ,13 ,14. This pathway includes the Warts Wts and Hippo Hpo kinases  , the FERM domain proteins Expanded Ex and Merlin Mer  , and the accessory proteins Salvador Sav and Mob-as-tumor-suppressor Mats.The genotype data was screened for Mendelian incompatibilities using PEDCHECK  , while MERLIN was used to assess the data for occurrence of double recombination events over short genetic distances  , which are most likely due to genotyping error. The average genotype call rate obtained for the 45 birds in the study was 99.37% range 98.32–99.74% providing approximately 2661 genotypes per bird.DGS89aAs  , however  , the integration of a process engineer's sup port environment into Merlin is planned  , the requirements for such an environment concerning the storage and manipulation of a software process definition  , have significantly influenced the construction of the Merlii data base which is one of the main topics of this paper cf. As an extension of our own work  , a prototype of such a process engineer's support environment has been developed within the MELMAC project cf.A diamond shape indicates the gene to be drug targetable in Drug Bank. The pathway members are colored by their gene family categories  , including Chemokine  , Tumor Necrosis Factor TNF  , Interleukin  , and Receptor Tyrosine Kinase RTK.We identify a protein-protein interaction between BBS6 and SMARCC1  , a component of the SWI/SNF family of chromatin remodelers. We demonstrate that the BBS6H84Y; A242S is defective in nuclear transport  , but retains its cilia function.2000  , with direct roles in higher order chromatin structure and nuclear assembly Haraguchi et al. BAF is a highly conserved chromatin protein essential for cell viability Zheng et al.A  , B Each bar shows the relative transcript levels of ribosomal protein genes calculated by real-time quantitative PCR N  , nuclear; Nm  , nucleomorph; M  , mitochondrial; P  , plastid. Relative transcription levels of homologous genes residing in the four genomes of Bigelowiella natans and the three genomes of Guillardia theta.A recent study has challenged this view and has questioned the importance of nuclear localization of Arm protein Chan and Struhl 2002. These experiments are difficult  , because none of the cell-viable alleles are absolute genetic nulls  , as Arm plays essential roles in both Wnt signaling and cell adhesion.Nuclear extract was derived from SK-N-BE2 cells. e An electrophoretic mobility shift assay testing the wild-type alleles lanes 1 to 4 and the OCD-risk alleles lanes 5 to 8 of SNP35 top gel and SNP55 bottom gel show that nuclear protein binding red arrow to the SNP35 locus is disrupted by the risk allele.Because many lincRNAs have been found to be associated with nuclear protein complexes 7 ,8 ,10  , we hypothesized that this could be the case for Pint. Therefore  , we decided to test the interaction between Pint and PRC2.Similarly to Merlin  , OIKOS ACM90  exploits the PRO- LOG backtracking mechanism and even allows parallel execution of rule chains thus modelling concurrent work of developers. For efficiency reasons alone but also for modelling reasons it is impossible to map abstract syntax graph-like structures to UNIX-directories.In addition to their roles as pro-inflammatory agents in innate immune response through binding of endogenous ligands and subsequent receptor activation  , some chemokine receptors have been co-opted to act as receptors or fusion proteins for a number of pathogens including HIV-1 strains 19 ,20  , protozoan parasites Plasmodium knowlesi and P. vivax 21  , and Epstein-Barr virus 22; herpesviruses mimic host chemokine receptors to elude host immune responses 23. Genetic markers associated with disease resistance have been found in regulatory and coding sequences of chemokine receptors 24-29.Only in 21% of the protoplast cells of the fry2-1 mutant was the HOS5 protein correctly localized in nuclear speckles. These included the nucleoplasm localization but absent from the nucleolus in 28% of the protoplast cells and mostly diffused localization in the nucleus with accumulation in a few nuclear speckles in 51% of the protoplast cells of the fry2-1 mutant.48 hours after transfection of Rat2 cells with 25 to 500 ng/mL of pcDNA-hKLF15 or empty mock expression vector  , nuclear N and cytoplasm Cyt proteins were extracted and 20 μg of total protein of each fraction were separated by SDS-PAGE. A Detection of KLF15 transcription factor in transiently transfected Rat2 cells.One possible reason why the X chromosomes might be spatially segregated from the autosomes premeiotically is that X chromosome PCs exhibit strong association with the HIM-8 protein and the nuclear envelope in premeiotic nuclei  , whereas the ZIM proteins do not show strong association with the autosomal PCs until meiotic entry 21  , 22. Thus  , we conclude that association of the X chromosomes with the HIM-8 protein and/or the nuclear envelope does indeed contribute to the spatial segregation of X chromosomes from autosomes in premeiotic nuclei.As HMGB1 has been shown to strongly bind to cisplatin-adducted nuclear DNA 31  , it can be hypothesized that the level of free HMGB1 in the cytoplasm is diminished by such a "nuclear trapping" process and  , thereby  , autophagy is repressed  , mitochondrial integrity is lost and apoptotic mechanisms are activated. The balance between both mechanisms is determined amongst others by the minor cytosolic fraction of the High-mobility group 1 protein HMGB1 which is a structurally conserved nuclear protein acting as an architectural chromatin binding factor.For example  , fatty acids act as ligands for several of the PPAR nuclear hormone receptors  , bile acids activate FXR in liver  , and diacylglycerol regulates protein kinase C 12–14. Moreover  , metabolites are intermediates in signaling pathways that can regulate gene expression.Nuclear extracts were prepared with the NE-PER nuclear extraction reagents Pierce  , Rockford  , IL  , according to manufacturer's instructions. The protein content was quantified using the Bio-Rad protein assay.GraphPad Prism software GraphPad Software  , San Diego  , CA  , USA was used to compare the mean chemokine gene expression scores with a Tukey test to obtain 95% confidence intervals between the molecular subtypes and receptor statuses by immunohistochemistry. Estrogen and progesterone receptors were positive if >1% immunohistochemical IHC staining was noted  , and HER2 status was positive if 3+ by IHC or with a positive ratio by in situ hybridization assay.Complementary studies in which mRNAs for candidate inflammation/fibrosis genes are simply knocked down by local delivery to the wound site of antisense oligodeoxynucleotides AS ODNs 48 will provide a testbed for whether such approaches may be of therapeutic benefit to improve the repair process. Using recent developments in Cre driver lines  , it will be possible to knockout genes specifically in appropriate cell lineages within the mouse  , so that the requirement for a particular chemokine receptor in the recruitment of inflammatory cells can be assessed  , or the link between expression of a candidate 'fibrosis' gene by wound fibroblasts and subsequent scarring  , can be tested.Furthermore  , it was demonstrated that STAG3 cohesins stabilize telomere attachment to the nuclear envelope via interaction with the telomere TRF1-TERB1 protein complex 15. The notion that cohesins are required to stabilize these telomere attachments is supported by the fact that this event is partially defective in Smc1β and Rad21l mutants 16  , 17.Expressing this form of the lac repressor results in efficient targeting of the INO1 gene to the nuclear envelope 6. The lac repressor array was integrated beside INO1 in strains expressing either the wild-type Lac I-GFP untethered INO1 or a modified version possessing an FFAT motif to target the protein to the nuclear envelope tethered INO1; 6 ,26.The assay was then performed according to manufacturer’s instructions using LetR nuclear cell lysate 20 μl and AR antibody at a 1:250 dilution Additional file 1: Figure S1B. Cells were pelleted and nuclear protein isolated using a NE-PER kit Pierce  , Thermo Fisher.In each replicate experiment  , SRSF4 showed weaker signal intensity than SRSF3 Figure S1b in Additional file 1  , indicating either lower crosslinking efficiency or fewer RNA targets. No RNA-protein complexes were detected in cells expressing only nuclear EGFP EGFP-nuclear localization signal or in the absence of UV crosslinking Figure S1b in Additional file 1.In order to deduce the function of the WASH protein  , we compared orthologous sequences that we identified from 21 diverse organisms Figures 2  , 3  , and S4. Vertebrate WASH proteins have conserved predicted nuclear localization and export signals and sumoylation sites Figure S5 suggesting a possible role in the nucleus.However  , vesicle traffic and membranes are critical for the replication of many viruses. As explained for nuclear transport  , protein synthesis  , and mRNA decay  , vesicle transport is a process not known to be directly involved in retrotransposon integration.However  , the functional relevance of all these sequence motifs was obscure. Further predictions based on MOM1 protein sequence revealed a putative transmembrane domain  , three putative nuclear localization signals NLS and several repetitive regions 8.The major baculoviral envelope membrane protein  , gp64  , is usually used as the fusion partner for functional display of a foreign protein or peptide sequence on the viral surface. It is based on the use of baculovirus Autographa californica multiple nuclear polyhydrosis virus AcMNPV as a vector for expression of a recombinant target sequence on the surface of the virions or the host Spodoptera frugiperda Sf9 cells 11.Yet  , the delay in nuclear accumulation is consistent with the hypothesis that CK2α activity typically functions to permit timely PER nuclear entry. A second possibility is that the high levels of PER protein saturate the nuclear entry pathway  , preventing the majority of PER from localizing to the nucleus in pdfTik flies.In situ hybridization of ten GDNF/RET target genes in control and dko kidneys Figures 5A–E and S3 revealed reduction in chemokine receptor Cxcr4 and in Spry1  , a negative regulator of RTK signaling  , which exerts its action at least partially by blocking MAPK pathway 35. To address this  , we examined if known GDNF/Ret signaling targets 33  , 34 are regulated through MAPK pathway.Notably  , we have identified a previously uncharacterized protein  , termed Acl4  , as a specific binding partner of Rpl4. We further reveal that Rpl4 contains at least five distinct nuclear localization signals NLS  , which map to different regions of Rpl4  , including the long internal loop and the C-terminal extension.Trichoplax has one of the smallest animal nuclear genomes 10–12 and yet the largest animal mitochondrial genome 6. Similar to nonanimals  , Trichoplax has a large  , 43 ,079–base pair mitochondrial genome and extensive intergenic spacer regions  , open reading frames ORFs  , and several introns  , but  , like all other animals  , its genome also lacks ribosomal protein genes.We could not detect any significant difference in the distribution and aspect of PML nuclear bodies between control and p150CAF-1-depleted ES cells Figure 2D. We used a specific antibody against the promyelocytic leukemia PML protein to study the fate of the PML nuclear bodies  , which are well-characterized subnuclear structures 22.Furthermore  , Tif1γ does not colocalize with promyelocytic leukemia gene product PML nuclear bodies  , DNA repair complexes that contain Mre11  , or transcriptional complexes containing TFII-B unpublished data. The nuclear foci that contain Tif1γ do not colocalize with two markers of heterochromatin  , HP1α protein and DAPI staining of DNA Figure 6A.It was shown that the abundance of HY5 protein is directly correlated with the extent of photomorphogenic development 3. HY5  , a constitutively-nuclear bZIP protein  , is the first known and most extensively studied transcription factor involved in promoting photomorphogenesis under a wide spectrum of wavelengths  , including FR  , R  , B  , and UV-B 3  , 5  , 6  , 7.Proteins from nuclear or cytoplasmic fractions 40 μg were resolved by 4% to 20% SDS-PAGE and transferred onto nitrocellulose membranes for immunoblotting. Subcellular fractionation of cell lysates was prepared using the ProteoExtract Subcellular Proteome Extraction Kit Calbiochem-EMD Biosciences  , San Diego  , CA  , USA  , and protein concentrations were determined by EZQ Protein Quantification Kit Invitrogen Corporation.Overproduced Mps3 protein localized robustly both to the SPB and to the nuclear periphery in meiosis I Fig 3  , demonstrating cytologically that the heterologous P-MPS3 construct overexpressed MPS3 during meiosis  , as shown by western blotting Fig 2B and 2C. To determine whether membrane-bound Mps3  , in addition to SPB-associated Mps3  , was also cleaved at the nuclear periphery  , we used the meiosis-specific DMC1 promoter to express GFP-MPS3-RFP more abundantly Fig 3A.Constitutive AKT activation is frequently correlated with cytoplasmic Forkhead box O3a FOXO3a and decreased patient survival in breast cancer and other malignancies 25 ,27 ,28. AKT  , or mitogen-activated protein kinases MAPK  , phosphorylate FOXOs at specific sites  , causing its nuclear exclusion and degradation 23 ,26.Currently unknown is whether protein cleavage is required for yeast centrosome separation. There are four known half-bridge components; three of them  , Sfi1 called hSfi1 in human 5  , Cdc31 called centrin in animals7 and Kar18  , localize to the cytoplasmic side of the bridge  , whereas Mps3 localizes to the nuclear side 9  , 10.In addition  , such a data model as used in Merlin and a data base supporting that model provide a straightforward solution to integrate the syntax-directed tools of a process engineer's support environment. This makes it very tedious to express necessary sequencing of activities and explicit ce ordination of concurrency which is usually not available in basic blackboard systems.The receptor for Ccl21 ligands  , CC chemokine receptor 7 CCR7  , is selectively expressed on mature dendritic cells. A number of chemokines were highly upregulated in the PPT1 deficient mouse brain  , with chemokine ligand 21 Ccl21a/b/c being upregulated 10-fold.Rheumatoid arthritis RA is a chronic inflammatory disorder that affects the joints and is probably caused by autoimmune mechanisms. The complex genetic component of RA etiology was further demonstrated by the discovery of multiple polymorphisms  , for example in genes of the chemokine receptor 5 CCR5 73 and of HLA-DRB1 74  , conferring high risk susceptibility.Therefore  , new strategies need to be developed to overcome limited recombinant protein accumulation before the potential of transgenic plants for therapeutic protein production can be fully realized. For example  , the nuclear expression of hepatitis B virus HBV envelop surface protein in transgenic tobacco plants was reported as 0.01% of total soluble protein TSP 5  , whereas the accumulation level of cholera toxin B subunit CTB  , a vaccine antigen against cholera  , in nuclear transgenic tobacco was between 0.02 to 0.1% of TSP 6 ,7.Quantification of the number of cells with nuclear versus cytoplasmic Nrf2 localization is shown below. Nrf2 protein was indirectly labeled with a secondary Alexa Fluor 488 antibody green channel and cell nuclei labeled with DAPI blue channel.The balance between both mechanisms is determined amongst others by the minor cytosolic fraction of the High-mobility group 1 protein HMGB1 which is a structurally conserved nuclear protein acting as an architectural chromatin binding factor. Another attractive model encompasses the mutual antagonistic regulation of apoptosis and autophagy in mammalian cells 30.These mutations do not affect the normal nuclear localization of the Pax2 protein in vitro. Based on crystallographic evidence  , this residue is not anticipated to contact DNA and electrophoretic mobility shift assays show no difference between the three mutant and wild-type proteins.However  , unlike the case for androgonidia and sperm cells  , the VcMid-BH protein signal in vegetative somatic cells was excluded from the nucleus and was instead observed only in the cytosol and peri-nuclear region Figures 3L–3O  , S6I–S6P  , and S9C–S9J. In contrast to VcMID-BH mRNA that was present in both vegetative cell types  , VcMid-BH protein was only detected in vegetative somatic cells indicating that there is cell-type–specific regulation of VcMid protein synthesis or stability that restricts its accumulation to somatic cells during vegetative growth Figures 3K and S6B.SPEN contains four N-terminal RNA recognition motifs and a highly conserved Spen paralogue and orthologue C-terminal domain SPOC that is required for its transcriptional repression of nuclear hormone receptors HRs 17. Split ends SPEN  , also known as SMRT/HDAC1-associated repressor protein  , is a large nuclear protein with essential roles in transcriptional regulation and chromosome X inactivation 13–16.The Mutator superfamily representatives in the D. pulex genome all shared high levels of similarity with a recently discovered subgroup called Phantom 20; Additional file 3f. Alignments showing homologous regions of one or more representatives of each major group found in D. pulex with those from various taxa reveal conserved motifs in protein-coding regions Additional file 3a-j  , such as those with predicted catalytic function for example  , hAT  , PIF/Harbinger  , Merlin  , P  , and Tc1/mariner 15-18 or polymerase activity for example  , Maverick 19.Cells were fractionated into nuclear N and cytoplasmic C fractions  , and aliquots of the nuclear fractions were used for immunoprecipitation with an anti-GFP antibody to generate immunoprecipitation fractions. HeLa cells were transiently transfected with a GFP-human MAU-2 fusion protein construct see
Materials and Methods or  , as a negative control  , with the GFP vector on its own.C Western blotting analysis of extracts from the control small hairpin green fluorescent protein; shGFP or Suz12 knockdown shSuz12 ESCs was performed using the antibodies indicated. For each input  , 2% of nuclear extract was loaded.Although SUN-domain proteins vary at their N-termini 24  , Mps3 shares a high degree of conservation with SUN1 from mammals  , in particular at the N-terminus 9  , 26. Therefore  , lessons learned from yeast centrosome separation mediated by irreversible protein cleavage have implications for understanding the regulation of centrosome disjunction and other SUN-domain protein-mediated nuclear activities in all eukaryotes.The ankyrin-repeat protein Yar1 interacts specifically with Rps3 uS3 according to the recently proposed r-protein nomenclature 30 and acts as an anti-aggregation chaperone that may accompany Rps3 to its nuclear assembly site 31 ,32. Recent evidence revealed that such binding partners prevent r-proteins from aggregation  , promote their nuclear import and/or coordinate their assembly into pre-ribosomal particles.Notably  , more than 80% of NF2 mutations are located in this ERM domain 23  , and the mutant merlin proteins display significantly lower binding affinity to NHERF1  , suggesting that NHERF1 is related to merlin's suppressor activity. Like other ERM members  , merlin interacts with NHERF1 through its amino-terminus ERM domain.Confocal fluorescence microscopy analysis of transgenic plants expressing the MOS14-GFP fusion protein showed that the GFP signal is found exclusively in the nucleus Figure 3  , indicating that MOS14 is a nuclear protein. Expression of MOS14-GFP in mos14-1 suppresses the developmental phenotypes of mos14-1 Figure S4  , suggesting that the fusion protein is functional.However  , TOPCONS 15  , a state-of-the-art membrane topology prediction program  , predicts both MYRF and Myrf to be type-II membrane proteins Figure S1A. Myrf the mouse ortholog of MYRF was previously reported to encode a nuclear protein  , based on immunofluorescence IF microscopy with an N-terminally Myc-tagged construct 17.Moreover  , merlin’s interface was used throughout the reannotation process to assign functions and protein names to each metabolic gene. merlin allows exporting the annotation as an Excel file or in the GenBank format  , during or after the end of the annotation process.Protein coding partitions of mitochondrial and nuclear genes cytb  , BDNF  , SIA  , RAG1 were translated to amino acids with the program TranslatorX 96 to set codon positions and confirm absence of stop codons. Sequences were checked for reliability using the original chromatograph data in the program BioEdit 94  , aligned using ClustalX 95 and the alignment checked by eye.Pgk1 was used as loading control. At the indicated time points cells were collected for FACS analysis of DNA contents not shown  , kinetics of budding  , spindle assembly/elongation and nuclear division graphs  , as well as to make protein extracts for western blot analysis of Clb2 and Cdc5 levels.In DM2  , expanded CCUG tetranucleotide repeat transcripts accumulate mostly in nuclear foci  , and sequestrate the muscleblind like 1 MBNL1 protein into the RNA foci 11  , 12. Thus  , it is an interesting coincidence that non-trinucleotide mutations in DM2 and SCA10 are both large expansions located in an intron and causing autosomal dominant phenotypes.There are two previously reported transcription factors that utilize Prox1 as co-repressor via direct interactions to suppress gene expression in other systems  , NR5A2 Nuclear Receptor 5A2 and SF1 Steroidogenic Factor 1  , both belonging to the family of orphan nuclear receptors 34–36. Furthermore  , deletion of the DNA binding domain DBD from the carboxy terminal of Prox1 protein was not sufficient to relieve the Prox1-mediated suppression in Notch1 promoter activity Figure 2E and Figure S2B  , indicating that Prox1 acts on Notch1 as transcriptional co-repressor via another factor.Consistent with the microscopy studies above  , the anti-delangin antibody signal was largely nuclear. We transfected HeLa cells with a GFP-human MAU-2 fusion protein construct  , prepared nuclear and cytoplasmic fractions  , and carried out co-immunoprecipitation with anti-GFP antibodies on aliquots of the nuclear extract see
Materials and Methods.merlin allows exporting the annotation as an Excel file or in the GenBank format  , during or after the end of the annotation process. merlin’s interface is particularly user friendly  , providing “drop down boxes” see Additional file
1: Figure S1 of the supplemental material for the annotation of each gene.Combined  , our results and published studies support a model in which endocytosis and RNA translational control pathways are physically and functionally coupled 92  , 93. Genes pertinent to endocytosis include CIN85  , EndoA  , Alix  , PLS3  , CAV1  , GPRK  , Ataxin2  , Profilin  , EPS15  , Phocein  , Dynamin  , and Striatin; genes pertinent to RNA processing include PABP  , CBC20  , DcpS  , SMN  , and FMRP.Immune gene counts in bumblebees relative to selected insects. AMP = Antimicrobial peptide  , APHAG = Autophagy  , CASP = Caspase  , CASPA = Caspase A  , CAT = Catalase  , CLIP = CLIP serine protease  , CTL = C-type lectin  , FREP = Fibrinogen-like  , GALE = Galectin  , GNBP = Gram-negative binding protein/Beta-glucan recognition protein  , IAP = IAP repeat  , IGG = Immunoglobulin  , IMDPATH = Imd pathway  , JAKSTAT = JAK/STAT pathway  , LYS = Lysozyme  , ML = MD-2-related lipid recognition  , NIMROD = nimrod  , PGRP = Peptidoglycan recognition protein  , PPO = Prophenoloxidase  , PRDX = Peroxidase  , REL = Relish  , SCR = Scavenger receptor  , SOD = Superoxide dismutase  , SPZ = Spatzle  , SRPN = Serine protease inhibitor  , SRRP = Small RNA regulatory pathway  , TEP = Thioester-containing protein  , TOLL = Toll genes  , TOLLPATH = Toll pathway.The proteins encoded in the Kluyveromyces lactis complete metabolic genome were annotated  , systematically  , throughout this work. Out of the 5085 genes available on the GenBank fasta files provided to merlin  , 2000 genes were revised.Arrowheads indicate transfected cells with apoptotic nuclei. E PC12 cells co-transfected with an expression vector encoding enhanced green fluorescent protein pEGFP and vehicle control or indicated siRNAs were treated with 400 μM H2O2 for 16 h. Transfected cells were shown by the green fluorescence emitted by green fluorescent protein GFP  , and nuclear morphology was visualized by DAPI staining blue.Genome-wide association analyses were performed on the 10 most heritable probes without known SNPs within the probe. Association analysis on the imputed genotype probabilities was performed using Merlin 33.Our analysis also suggested that the inter-tumor heterogeneity of immune infiltration is potentially caused by both cancer genetic variations as well as the disease-specific expression pattern of the chemokine/receptor network. Correlating immune infiltration with patient outcomes  , we identified a number of associations  , including both novel associations and those supported by prior studies 14.We then investigated the feasibility of expressing HIV-1 p17/24 – a truncated Gag  , but a more appropriate vaccine candidate than p24 – in Nicotiana spp. The result clearly demonstrated that transient expression  , and in particular  , targeting the protein of a nuclear gene to the chloroplast  , results in the best yield of recombinant p17/p24.Alves 47 used 14 autosomal protein loci to assay the genetic variability in L. granatensis populations from Iberia and detected no significant differentiation between the populations with introgressed L. timidus mtDNA and non-introgressed populations. Previous studies  , however  , have revealed that there was a lack of nuclear DNA introgression in hares from Iberia and Sweden.By comparing protein sequences and syntenic regions  , we have shown that the divergence between Gal-1A and Gal-1B  , the two functionally specialized homologs of the prototype galectin Gal-1  , extends across the sauropsid clade. Our findings suggest that gal-1 remained at a particular genomic location at least until the mammals split off from the bird–reptile lineage  , after which it underwent duplication into gal-1a and gal-1b in the sauropsids.These data together proved that localization and affinity purification of a target protein could be performed using the same protein expression construct  , which would reduce costs and save time. From these data  , one could easily propose a hypothesis that the hypothetical gene containing DNA ligase domain H must have a nuclear localization signal sequence in its N-terminal region  , as predicted by the CELLO program 35 when analyzing the N-terminal 10  , 24 and 143 amino acids or the full length amino acid sequence of H protein Data not shown.Confocal micrographs of HEK293 cells transfected with either an a-f enhanced green fluorescent protein eGFP-Wldconstruct or an g-i eGFP alone control construct. Increased nuclear expression of cell stress marker STI1 corresponding with Wlds expression in HEK293 cells.When the first automatic annotation results were analysed  , a pattern emerged. Each K. lactis gene assigned by merlin with enzymatic functions on either the first or the second similarity search was labelled as an enzyme encoding gene candidate EEGC.Association analysis was conducted by fitting simple regression test using the fastAssoc option in MERLIN 52. For X-chromosome analysis  , the average phenotype of males hemizygous for a particular allele was treated assumed to match the average phenotype of females homozygous for the same allele.In plants  , the predominantly nuclear Dicer-like-1  , equipped with two dsRBDs  , is thought to catalyze both pri-miRNA and pre-miRNA processing 53 ,54. Drosha requires a dsRNA-binding protein partner known as Pasha in flies and Caenorhabditis elegans  , and its ortholog DGCR8 in mammals to convert pri-miRNAs to pre-miRNAs 49–52.NADPH oxidase enhances pro-inflammatory gene expression through several downstream signaling molecules  , for example  , protein kinase C  , mitogen-activated protein kinase activation  , and nuclear factor-κB NFκB 58-60. Thus  , intracellular ROS play an essential role in the regulation of general microglial activation.The annotation pipeline for genes that encode enzymes described on Figure
3 of the Methods section reviewed a total of 1699 EEGC’s and the transporter annotation function within merlin provided 349 genes. Hence  , such genes were annotated with both transport TCS or TC numbers and reaction facilitation EC numbers activities.The total amount of protein content/cell was increased by flow and the sub-cellular protein content showed that the largest component of the total cellular protein pool 86.79% was made by cytoskeletal proteins see Figure 7B with cytosolic  , nuclear and membrane protein pools significantly reduced 20.48 to 3.03%; 17.38 to 8.58%; and 3.77 to 1.6% respectively. Our results showed that the exposure to flow significantly increased the expression of cytoskeletal proteins see Figure 7A while reducing that of the other sub-cellular fractions.Intriguingly  , it is predicted that TSC-2 mRNA interacts strongly with Nuclear Protein 5A NOP56. This gene is annotated in all the functional categories prevalent in the IC subset.Immunoblotting of immunoprecipitated fractions with an anti-GFP antibody revealed a band that is specific to the immunoprecipitate with the GFP-human MAU-2 fusion protein and of the expected size 
Figure 3A  , lower panel. Consistent with the microscopy studies above  , the anti-delangin antibody signal was largely nuclear.More generally  , we observed a depletion of 5UIs among nuclear genes encoding three protein classes. In each case  , these ratios are significantly lower than the ratio of ∼35% expected by chance p<0.05 after adjusting for multiple hypothesis testing.Creation of lines of stably transformed plants and  , subsequently  , production of a protein from such plants requires considerable time and cost. Recombinant proteins in plants may be obtained by stable genetic transformation either nuclear or plastid or through transient expression 20–22.The localization of Tif1γ protein appears different from the more diffuse nuclear patterns typically seen in studies of Tif1α Remboutsika et al. Immunofluorescence of mouse embryo fibroblast nuclei with the anti-Tif1γ antiserum demonstrates that Tif1γ is localized in small nuclear foci Figure 6A.Previous analyses using nuclear-encoded genes have found either conflicting placements of pseudoscorpions depending upon the method of analysis  , or less than 50% bootstrap support for the placement of pseudoscorpions 32 ,33. It is somewhat surprising that all our phylogenetic analyses of mt protein-coding genes are in agreement that pseudoscorpions and acariform mites are sister lineages.CXCR4 is highly expressed in metastases from breast cancer patients  , and is thought to play a role in homing of tumor cells to the bone marrow. For example  , NFκB promotes cell migration and metastasis by upregulating expression of chemokine receptor CXCR4 20.Conversely  , triple-negative tumors  , with respect to the luminal ones  , were associated with an increased absolute number and relative number of circulating cells not expressing either mesenchymal or epithelial markers. In fact  , it has been shown that herceptin can downregulate the expression of chemokine C-X-C motif receptor 4 CXCR4  , which is required for HER2-enhanced invasion  , migration  , and metastasis 35.Each protein exhibits a modular structure characteristic of the nuclear receptor superfamily with a divergent N terminal A/B domain  , a hinge region and a less well conserved LBD. 1A.These results indicate that AIF protein is released or translocates from mitochondria into cytosol and nuclei in primary cortical cells undergoing apoptotic cell death following exposure to glutamate. The elevation of cytosolic and nuclear AIF and its reduction in the mitochondria were associated with an increase in cell death.WISH whole mount in situ hybridization experiments revealed that ccr7 RNA was expressed maternally and uniformly during early cleavage stages  , becoming asymmetrically distributed by 4.5 hpf and dorsally enriched by early gastrulation Figure S1B. During a large-scale characterization of the expression patterns of zebrafish chemokine GPCRs SW and LSK  , unpublished  , we identified the ccr7 ortholog Chemokine C-C motif receptor 7 Figure S1A; 38 among GPCRs expressed during gastrulation.The reconstruction process cannot begin without a functionally annotated genome; thus  , merlin performs automatic genome-wide functional reannotations  , by comparing biological sequences from the organism being studied with all of the NCBI’s databases. merlin51 is a software tool  , in continuous development  , created to assist on the process of reconstructing a genome-scale metabolic model.Our analyses on putative immunotherapy targets led to the findings on cancer vaccine candidate SPAG5 and dichotomized CD8 T-cell levels in tumors highly expressing inhibitory receptors. Systematic exploration of tumor–immune interactions revealed cancer genetic alterations and chemokine/receptor expression networks are potential regulators of immune cell infiltration heterogeneity.Deficient signal transduction can result in increased susceptibility to infectious diseases as a result of the lack of a robust signaling response to pathogenic infection 10-16. Nucleotide mutations in the open reading frame coding for chemokine receptors can have a dramatic effect on receptor activity or little effect  , depending on the location of the substitution and the nature of the amino acid replacement: amino acid substitutions resulting in alterations at key ligand binding extracellular domains or intracellular G-protein coupled domains in particular are known to result in disrupted or abnormal receptor activity 4.Particularly with regard to the phenotype of its nuclear overexpression that involves a rapid destabilization of synaptic contacts and a retraction of dendrites  , and which cannot be explained entirely by CREB shut-off  , it is reasonable to assume that Jacob will be part of additional nuclear signalling events. The protein harbours long stretches of basic amino acid residues  , which are well suited for DNA binding  , although no known DNA binding motif was identified in its primary structure.Such algorithm classified the TC family numbers and metabolites associated to each TPGC  , using the taxonomy of each of the TCDB homologue genes and the frequency of the TC family numbers or metabolites  , within all similar genes. Thus  , the TC family numbers  , as well as the metabolites  , of the TCDB genes similar to each TPGC were classified with the same algorithm used by merlin to classify the EC numbers of each EEGC.C Wnd kinase specifically down-regulates the expression of UAS-Kn  , but not UAS-RedStinger a nuclear red fluorescent protein 66 in a posttranscriptional manner. B Quantification of total dendrite length left and number of dendrite termini right of ddaEs of denoted genotypes.For the 40S subunit  , we applied two different readouts 45  , namely an inducible  , fluorescent ribosomal reporter protein  , Rps2-YFP  , and immunofluorescence IF analysis of the trans-acting factor Enp1BYSL 24. Thus  , two phenotypes can be distinguished using the Rps2-YFP reporter  , reflecting early nucleolar and late nucleoplasmic defects in nuclear pre-40S maturation.bFGF knockdown significantly decreased the DNA-PKCS protein level in chemotherapy-enriched tumor cells  , indicating upstream regulation of DNA-PKCS by bFGF Fig. Based on our observation that DNA repair in chemo-residual cells was associated with increased nuclear bFGF and increased DNA-PKcs levels  , we next investigated effects of bFGF knockdown on DNA-PKcs expression.Of note  , hybrid Th1/2 cells formed a homogeneous population that co-expressed the lineage-specifying transcription factors T-bet and GATA-3 while upon restimulation IFN-γ and IL-4 were produced by fractions of this population. In contrast  , hybrid Th1/2 cells homogeneously expressed intermediate levels of the Th1-associated chemokine receptor CXCR3 53 ,54 and the Th2-associated IL-33 receptor T1/ST2 46 ,55 when compared with their classic T-bet−GATA-3+ Th2 counterparts and a reference population of bulk T-bet+GATA-3− effector/memory Th1 cells Figure 1G.The query engine consists of a query compiler and an operator library. The Merlin system consists of a multithreaded page server and a C ?+ library that provides the client run time system  , including basic components like storage manager and page buffer.Analyses were performed using the easyLINKAGE and easyLINKAGE-Plus tools 29 ,30. The two-point and multipoint linkage analyses Genehunter 26  , Allegro 27 and Merlin 28 were performed assuming a fully penetrant autosomal recessive trait with a disease frequency of 0.001 and no phenocopies.CTLA4 was found to be upregulated in our human TReg cells. When engaged by B7  , CTLA4 plays a key role as a negative regulator of T cell activation through down-regulation of cytokine production by preventing the accumulation of activator protein AP-1  , NF-κB  , and NFAT nuclear factor of activated T-cells in the nucleus.B Co-IP assays of nuclear lysates from retrovirally transduced NIH-3T3 cells expressing wt hGATA-1  , hGATA-1 bearing two amino acid substitutions that disrupt the LNCME motif Rb−  , or hGATA-1 lacking 83 NH2 amino acids S. Bottom  , protein sequence alignment of GATA-1 mutants used in Figure 2B.The majority of Symbiodinium plastid-associated genes 43 genes were transferred to its nuclear genome  , leaving only 14 genes in plastid DNA minicircles. These are mainly ribosomal proteins  , which may be complemented by nuclear ribosomal proteins  , especially because only 12 protein-coding genes have been retained in the plastid.RNAs were extracted from the immunoprecipitated products and each input. 100μl of each nuclear protein was stored at -70°C for input preparation.HCS analysis showed that total and cytoplasmic mCherry signals were significantly lower in AIDF193A-mCherry-CDT1 and AIDF193A-mCherry-GEM transductants than in AIDF193A-mCherry transductants  , as predicted for tags that target the protein for nuclear degradation during a portion of cell cycle S3 Table and Fig 6C. Figs 4C and 6C and S3 Table.Cooperation is achieved via a blackboardlike communication mechanism between rule chains. Similarly to Merlin  , OIKOS ACM90  exploits the PRO- LOG backtracking mechanism and even allows parallel execution of rule chains thus modelling concurrent work of developers.Therefore  , up to now  , a general model of CB function has been represented by preassembly of nuclear protein complexes for their performance. CBs have been implicated in replication-dependent histone gene transcription and mRNA maturation 42 ,43  , and a subset of CBs is physically associated with histone gene clusters HLB 44.Biochemical studies of these and other genes have described important classes of trans-acting splicing-regulatory factors  , implicating members of the ubiquitously expressed serine/arginine-rich protein SR protein and heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein hnRNP families  , and tissue-specific factors including members of the CELF 16 and NOVA 17 families of proteins  , as well as other proteins and protein families  , in control of specific splicing events. Prominent examples include the tissue-specific splicing of the c-src N1 exon 13  , cancer-associated splicing of the CD44 gene 14 and the alternative splicing cascade involved in Drosophila melanogaster sex determination 15.The programs BioEdit ClustalW and MUSCLE v.3.6 were used for sequence alignment  , followed by a control for ambiguous alignment positions using ALISCORE v.0.2 under default settings 46. Additionally  , four nuclear protein coding genes ENC1  , Ptr  , SH3PX3 and Tmo4c4 and the first intron of the ribosomal protein coding gene S7 were amplified and sequenced.We transfected HeLa cells with a GFP-human MAU-2 fusion protein construct  , prepared nuclear and cytoplasmic fractions  , and carried out co-immunoprecipitation with anti-GFP antibodies on aliquots of the nuclear extract see
Materials and Methods. To validate the delangin-human MAU-2 interaction  , we carried out co-immunoprecipitation studies 
Figure 3A.In general   , one of the major work areas in the Merlin project is to investigate the power and suitability of fully object oriented database systems as the underlying storage mechanism for process-centered software development environments. As it does not offer support for various locking modes on different levels of granularity and as it has no appropriate support for distribution and multi-user access we are cmently porting the Merlin system to a fully object-oriented system.The mosaic morphology was reflected at the level of Tg Snail protein  , with only the hyperthickened regions expressing nuclear HA-tagged Snail Figure 2C. Histological analyses of 3-d old P3 mice revealed mosaic patches marked by epidermal thickening Figure 2B.Thus  , the baker’s yeast was selected as a reference organism for the EC numbers annotation because the two microorganisms share the phylogenetic lineage all the way to the taxonomic family level and S. cerevisiae is the best studied  , annotated and curated Fungus. Indeed  , whenever a Saccharomyces cerevisiae homologue was available  , merlin would consistently select the baker’s yeast gene annotation to annotate the Kluyveromyces lactis gene.Seven markers displaying various rates of molecular evolution were used: two coding portions of mitochondrial genes Cytochrome oxidase I  , COI and Cytochrome b  , Cytb  , two coding regions of nuclear genes the F2 copy of elongation factor 1-alpha  , EF-1α and Wingless  , Wg and three at least partially non-coding regions of other nuclear genes the mitotic checkpoint control protein  , Bub3; the ribosomal protein L27a  , RpL27a  , and the ribosomal protein S4  , RpS4. Finally  , ribosomal proteins RpL27a and RpS4 have been used with success to infer the phylogeny of Hymenoptera associated with oak galls or figs 39  , 54–56.As expected  , striatin B with IC50 = 109.3% showed the highest cross reactivity. All of the examined cyathane diterpenoids showed cross reactivities against striatal B.Altogether  , this indicates that Alu-dependent editing is involved in fundamental cellular processes and has the potential to exert a significant effect. The two other clusters included terms related to the nuclear compartments and intracellular protein transport.Based on receptor status by immunohistochemistry  , higher 12-chemokine gene expression scores were associated with triple-negative breast cancer p = 0.0007 and HER2-positive tumors p = 0.0002 Fig. 1a.Among the Rhodopsin receptors  , the human α- and β-group subfamilies are analogously represented in Ciona while among the seven subfamilies of the human γ- – and δ-groups  , orthologs of the PUR  , classical CHEM  , MCHR and MRG receptor subfamilies could not be identified by phylogeny Additional file 6. The absence of a clear classical chemokine CCRs  , CXCRs receptor ortholog in Ciona agrees with previous finding that the evolution of chemokine receptors arose after the split of the vertebrates from the protochordate lineage 35.A Immunoblot of SDS-PAGE fractionated protein extracts from independent AichiM::VcMID-BH transformants lanes 1–7  , wild-type male strain AichiM  , and untagged pseudo-male strain Eve::VcMid lanes 8  , 9. Cell-type restricted expression and sex-regulated nuclear localization of VcMid in wild-type males.To further explore the nature of the link between IKAP  , microtubules  , and histones  , we examined fractionated nuclear and cytoplasmic lysates and performed co-immunoprecipitation assay for endogenous IKAP. Thus  , IKAP is found in a cytoplasmic protein complex together with α-tubulin  , JNK  , and HDAC6.In these systems  , MST/hippo kinases activate NDR nuclear Dbf2-related or LATS large tumor suppressor kinases Fig 1  , which are closely related members of the large AGC family of protein kinases. The core organization of these networks is conserved over a billion years of evolution  , with related forms described in animals and fungi 1–3.Upon stimulation with ALE  , RIS and IBA  , DBF4 protein accumulates within the nuclear compartment Figure 3a. Since DBF4 protein accumulates in the nuclei of G1-  , S-  , and M-phase-arrested cells 25  , we decided to follow its localization upon N-BP stimulation via immunoblot analysis of nuclear and cytoplasmic extracts of MCF-7 cells.In C. elegans  , the protein matefin/SUN-1 referred to as SUN-1 from this point forward and its interacting partner ZYG-12 bridge the nuclear membranes and play a central role in the pairing of homologous chromosomes and the licensing of synapsis 28  , 29. Recently  , it was found that in worms  , microtubules and dynein motors act through the nuclear envelope bridge formed by matefin/SUN-1 and ZYG-12  , and that these components are at the core of licensing synapsis only for properly aligned bivalents 29.Thus  , all genes that had one or more transmembrane helices were considered transporter protein encoding gene candidates TPGC and were aligned to the TCDB. Moreover  , merlin uses internal heuristics to lower the threshold  , inversely to the number of transmembrane helices of the gene.The amino-terminus of the ERM family proteins ERM domain interacts with the ERM-binding domain of NHERF1 17 ,18. One ERM family member is merlin  , the product of neurofibromatosis-2 NF2  , a tumour suppressor gene implicated in predisposition to meningiomas and schwanomas 19 ,20.This raises the possibility that Dicer-mediated nuclear clearance of dsRNA and thus restriction of deleterious interferon responses may not be a general feature of mammalian RNA biology. Here we show that Dicer in vivo in the mouse is an exclusively cytoplasmic protein  , excluding a conserved role for Dicer in nuclear RNA processing.The highest STAT protein was observed at the anterior tip which progressively reduced as the distance from the polar cell increased. As reported previously  , in the wild type follicle cells  , we observed a very distinct nuclear enrichment of STAT protein with a readily detectable gradient from the anterior to posterior 17.Recently  , NHERF1 was reported to interact with PDGFR and PTEN phosphatase and tensin homologue mutated in multiple advanced cancers 1  , forming a ternary complex 44. The tumourigenic mutations of NHERF1 partially or completely disrupt the binding of SYK or merlin  , both of which are tumour suppressors 19 ,20 ,42 ,43  , suggesting that NHERF1 converges in a pathway mediated by the two tumour suppressors.As argued in section 5  , the data model supports syntax-directed editing  , analysing  , and with some extensions simulation of our ride-based process definitions. In addition  , such a data model as used in Merlin and a data base supporting that model provide a straightforward solution to integrate the syntax-directed tools of a process engineer's support environment.Dicer was shown to interact with nuclear pore components and engage in nucleocytoplasmic shuttling 28. Mammalian Dicer was initially characterized as an exclusively cytoplasmic protein 25 ,26  , but recent reports have challenged this localization 27.Similarly  , the nuclear protein Drosha Drsh-1  , involved in the generation of miRNA precursors  , belongs to this group of ribonucleases. Dicer Dcr belongs to this group of ribonucleases and process dsRNA into 22-23 nt RNAs with two-nucleotide 3′ overhangs that are recognized by Argonaute proteins 44.We therefore preferred to use GenABEL  , which can read in a user-specified matrix  constructed on the basis of either theoretical or estimated kinship coefficients. The FASTA method is also implemented in the --fast-Assoc option of the MERLIN 40 package  , however MERLIN calculates the kinship matrix  internally on the basis of known theoretical kinships constructed from known pedigree relationships  , rather than allowing the pairwise kinship coefficients to be estimated using genome-wide SNP genotype data 12.d GO cellular component annotations suggest extracellular proteins 522 proteins are under more relaxed selective pressure than cytoplasmic proteins 1 ,030 and nuclear proteins 1 ,961  , while membrane proteins 2 ,715 fall in between. c LOCtree predictions of protein subcellular localization indicate extracellular proteins 1 ,587 proteins are under more relaxed selective pressure than cytoplasmic proteins 2 ,105 and nuclear proteins 5 ,431.b The Proteopedia page '2bbn' 44 shows an ensemble of 21 NMR nuclear magnetic resonance models for the solution structure of a calmodulin-target peptide complex 45. a The Proteopedia page '2ac0' 42 contains the structure of a protein-DNA complex showing the structural basis of DNA recognition by P53 tetramers 43.The functionality of this protein is actively regulated by a rapid translocation between a cytoplasmic soluble form that is inactive and a nuclear membrane-associated form that is activated
27. PCYT1A is an important enzyme in regulating phosphatidylcholine biosynthesis and nuclear membrane expansion
26.Mutations in regulatory or coding sequences for chemokine receptors that are used as pathogen fusion proteins can alter host-pathogen interactions: amino acid substitutions in extracellular domains can prevent recognition by the pathogen or interfere with the pathogen's ability to utilize the receptor as a gateway into the cell. In addition to their roles as pro-inflammatory agents in innate immune response through binding of endogenous ligands and subsequent receptor activation  , some chemokine receptors have been co-opted to act as receptors or fusion proteins for a number of pathogens including HIV-1 strains 19 ,20  , protozoan parasites Plasmodium knowlesi and P. vivax 21  , and Epstein-Barr virus 22; herpesviruses mimic host chemokine receptors to elude host immune responses 23.Therefore  , this domain motion may be important during protein-protein interactions at the replication fork. Furthermore  , the interactions between Dpo4 and the proliferating cell nuclear antigen have been mapped to the LF domain 32.It has recently become clear that the previously uncharacterized
CG4203 and
KIAA0892 genes are orthologs of
C. elegans mau-2  , a gene involved in guiding the migration of cells and axons during development 
37. Upon separation into nuclear and cytoplasmic fractions  , the bands could be seen to be almost exclusively associated with the nuclear fraction 
Figure 2B  , lower panel  , suggesting that human MAU-2  , like delangin  , is a nuclear protein.These are mainly ribosomal proteins  , which may be complemented by nuclear ribosomal proteins  , especially because only 12 protein-coding genes have been retained in the plastid. Comparisons with the Cyanidioschyzon  , Chromera  , and Vitrella plastid genomes indicate that since the divergence from the alveolate common ancestor  , at least 15 plastid-associated genes have been lost or diverged in Symbiodinium.a: Strategy for insertion of the CAG-loxPSTOPloxP-Lgals1-E2A-Cd274-IRES-EGFP cassette into the mouse Rosa26 locus. Knock-in of a conditional Galectin-1-E2A-PDL1 transgene into Rosa26 of C57BL/6 zygotes.Supplementary Table 2: Taxa and NCBI GenBank accession numbers for loci included in CC chemokine receptor data sets. Species and accession numbers for each dataset are grouped together on the table.In future work  , it will be very interesting to assess the effect of the Stag3 mutation on telomere binding to the nuclear envelope. The TRF1-TERB1 protein complex also interacts with the nuclear membrane protein complex  , SUN-KASH  , which is required for stimulating chromosome movements that promotes chromosome pairing/synapsis 56.However  , analysis of the transcriptome was also able to identify Tom40  , Tim50  , Tim14  , and Tim10 or Tim13. A search of the S. minutum nuclear genome was able to identify only one further component of the protein import apparatus  , Tim17.Control experiments showed that wild-type and
lin-54n2990 mutant animals produce a comparable amount of
full-length  , nuclear-localized LIN-54 protein Figure 2A and 2B  , unlike
lin-54n3423 null animals which produce no detectable
LIN-54 protein and reduced amounts of other DRM subunits Figure 2B and 4. These findings were supported by immunofluorescence analysis  , which showed
reduced chromosome localization of several DRM complex proteins in
lin-54n2990 mutant germlines Figure
S1D.Nuclear translocation of TORC2  , which is needed for activation of the gluconeogenic program  , is controlled by phosphorylation by activated AMPK AMP–activated protein kinase and SIK salt-inducible kinase. Transcription of the key gluconeogenic enzymes PEPCK phosphoenoylpyruvate carboxykinase and G6Pase glucose-6-phosphatase is induced when PGC-1α associates with HNF4α hepatic nuclear factor 4α and FOXO1 forkhead box transcription factor.Throughout this work  , some enzymes encoded in the milk yeast genome were identified and classified with both EC and TCS numbers. The transported metabolites analysis to be published together with the transports classification methodology in Genome-wide semi-automated annotation of transporter systems  , Dias et al.  , 2012  , provided by merlin  , confirms that such gene facilitates the efflux of sodium ions  , among the transport of other cations.Disruption to the fidelity of splicing  , particularly of exons that are constitutively spliced  , can effectively inactivate a gene by creating unstable mRNAs and defective protein structure  , or cause disease by disrupting the balance of expression of different splice isoforms 1. This process is carried out by a large complex of small nuclear RNAs and polypeptides known as the spliceosome.Knock-in of a conditional Galectin-1-E2A-PDL1 transgene into Rosa26 of C57BL/6 zygotes. Control – DNA from a Rosa26 knock-in mouse generated from ES cells  , C57BL/6 – wildtype controlCcl21 facilitates migration of mature dendritic cells from peripheral tissues to regional lymph nodes and enhances receptor-mediated endocytosis by these cells 48. The receptor for Ccl21 ligands  , CC chemokine receptor 7 CCR7  , is selectively expressed on mature dendritic cells.The mutated BRCA1 protein fails to correctly distribute recombination proteins to repair sites and ATR to unsynapsed chromosomal regions in spermatocytes 13  , 31  , 32. We prepared nuclear extracts from testes of Brca1
Δ11/Δ11
Trp53
+/− males  , which express a mutated BRCA1 protein that lacks a protein domain encoded by exon 11.NRIP1/RIP140 is a nuclear protein that modulates the transcriptional activity of the ER 45. MEMO1 is a nonheme iron-dependent dioxygenase that binds to the C-terminus of ErbB2/Her2 also a known target of miR-125b and is required for ErbB2-driven cell motility 29 ,44.The output from TranAlign was converted to Nexus/PAUP format and submitted to the software program ModelTest 60 for selection of the most appropriate model of evolution for each dataset by testing the fit of 56 different evolutionary models with the data set. Nucleotide alignments of chemokine receptor sequences were generated using amino acid sequence alignments and the software program TranAlign 59.nrde-3 is also partially required for an exogenous RNAi response: the enhanced RNAi phenotype of eri-1 mutants in response to dsRNA triggers that target nuclear RNAs is dependent on nrde-3  , but non-nuclear RNAi responses in eri-1 mutants are independent of nrde-3
25. NRDE-3  , an Argonaute protein that acts in co-transcriptional silencing of endogenous siRNA targets in the nucleus 25  , 38  , associates with eri-1-dependent 20–22 nt siRNAs that are required for NRDE-3 localization to the nucleus.In contrast to APOBEC3B  , which is predominantly nuclear  , APOBEC3G is cytoplasmic under steady state conditions 36–38. The subcellular localization of APOBEC3 family members has been evaluated using a series of green fluorescent protein fusion constructs 36–38.The list includes a mixture of full-length and truncated proteins expected to be easy or more challenging to express in a bacterial system. With the exception of GFP  , they are all human or mouse proteins  , and represent several diverse protein families with extra-cellular  , cytoplasmic and nuclear cell locations.Sequences of the organellar and the five nuclear chromosomes version 200303 were obtained from the Munich Information Center for Protein Sequences MIPS 54. The datasets of chromosomal coordinates of the complete LTR-RTs and solo LTRs identified are available as Additional data files 1 and 3.This concept reduces the usually large lists of activities and functions offered by non process-guided software development environments to comprehensible detailed " to-do-lists " which are updated online based on the progress of a software project. The main assistance which Merlin provides ita users  , is to display all software objects  , their dependencies to other software objects and the activities to be performed on all these objects in a so called working context.Software objects are objects of any granularity that are produced during the software development process  , e.g. The wizard Merlin is supposed to have built the Stonehenge in southern Ihgtand a set of welldefirmd building blocks and relations and the wizard was able to foresee the future at least to a certain extent such that king Roles represent groups of activities which are logically highly related.2014 suggests protein import as one
relevant mechanism by which endosymbionts with extremely reduced genomes may
complement some of their functional deficiencies. Finally  , the recent discovery that an aphid nuclear encoded
protein was transferred into B. aphidicola Nakabachi et al.Bub1 is clearly visible as puncta in S/G2 phase of the cell cycle  , presumably when it localizes to the kinetochores  , while Mad3 is seen as nuclear throughout the cell-cycle. B Green-fluorescent protein tagged genes cloned from L. kluyveri SCP localizes as a mixture of Bub1 and Mad3 protein from S. cerevisiae.Although we have seen that intact unmodified PARP1 protein is dynamically associated with chromatin 5  , it is also true that activation and automodification lead to dissociation of PARP1 from chromatin 5 ,9 ,10. In order to address this question  , we performed analysis of PARP1-DsRed protein nuclear dynamics from the perspective of Drosophila development.HER4/4ICD possesses constitutively active kinase activity and is a chaperone for nuclear entry of signal transducer and activator of transcription 5A STAT5A. HER4 ICD has two isoforms by alternative pre-mRNA splicing and various motifs for association with signaling molecules  , such as PI3K and Yes-associated protein YAP 23 ,24.We also found that HOS5 interacts with two SR proteins and FIERY2/RNAP II CTD phosphatase-like 1 FRY2/CPL1. Here  , we conducted map-based cloning and found that HOS5 encodes a KH-domain RNA-binding protein that was localized in the nuclear speckles.Mitochondrial diseases caused by mutations in nuclear genes encoding mitochondrial proteins can affect the function of many different tissues with varying severity reviewed in 2 ,3. Decrease in the mt-Co1 mRNA and consequently the COXI protein  , that is necessary for the biogenesis of Complex IV 35 likely contributes to this pronounced decrease in its abundance and activity.Components of the spliceosome include five small nuclear ribonucleoprotein particles snRNPs and a variable number of other protein factors over 100 have been indentified 3. This process is accomplished by the spliceosome  , which is a large and dynamic RNA-protein complex.He looked at the protein gene sequences for which bacterial  , archaeal  , and eukaryotic nuclear versions were all known  , of which there weren’t so many. I think it started in my lab with a postdoc named Jim Brown  , who published a review with me in Microbial and Molecular Biological Reviews in 1997.Circadian oscillations are in turn subject to multiple layers of control. A second loop regulates Bmal1 expression through the opposing actions of the REV–ERB and ROR nuclear receptor protein families 6 ,7.However  , many questions remained unsolved regarding the region and time of insertion of the retrogene  , the fine structure of both genes complete exon/intron structure  , their expression patterns in particular the relative abundance and tissue-specificity of processed transcripts and their protein coding potential in human cells. These mRNAs were found to encode a putative nuclear protein of 8 kD  , named VMCH-p8  , that was only identified using in vitro translation systems or transfected cell models 27.CXCR7 is required for the interaction between oestrogen receptor and PELP1. CXCR  , Chemokine C-X-C receptor; E2  , Oestradiol; IP  , Immunoprecipitation; JNK  , c-Jun N-terminal kinase; LTED  , Long-term oestrogen deprivation; PELP  , Proline-  , glutamic acid- and leucine-rich protein 1; si  , Small interfering; wt  , Wild type.Site tests  , which analyze genetic sequences at the unit of the codon  , revealed a proportion of codon sites that display evidence of positive selection ω > 1 within the coding sequences of mammalian CC motif chemokine receptor genes CCR2 and CCR3. These results suggest that amino acid residues present in intracellular and membrane-bound domains of mammalian CC motif chemokine receptor proteins are more selectively constrained  , whereas amino acid residues in extracellular domains of these receptor proteins evolve more quickly  , perhaps due to heightened selective pressure resulting from ligand-binding and pathogen interactions of extracellular domains.A nuclear protein RPL1 RICE PLASTICITY1 in rice also appears to promote the relatively stable plant architecture and panicle structure between different environments 30. MSH1 MutS HOMOLOG1  , a homolog of bacterial mismatch repair protein MutS  , has been reported to repress the developmental plasticity of plant architecture  , leaf morphology and flowering time in several dicot and monocot plants 29 ,35.After confirming the rSN1 accumulation in the nuclear fraction of insect cells  , we selected clone 7A2 for further studies as it seemed to render slightly higher protein levels. This confirms that the elution conditions were optimal.To determine whether nuclear proteins can bind to the polymorphic region of the long or short alleles  , we first performed electrophoretic mobility shift assays EMSA with nuclear extracts from different cell lines using double-stranded radiolabeled oligonucleotides that corresponded to bp −69 to −37 L or −57 to −37 S relative to the translation start site see Figure 3A of the long and short RIL alleles  , respectively. We next hypothesized that the insertion polymorphism creates binding sites for a protein that protects the long allele against methylation.The astrocytes are mainly localized in the area between cells exhibiting nuclear Annexin A7 staining and show the protein also in the nucleus and the cytoplasm data not shown. 4C.The resultant depletion of MBNL1 causes splicing dysregulation of a variety of RNA transcritpts similar to DM1. In DM2  , expanded CCUG tetranucleotide repeat transcripts accumulate mostly in nuclear foci  , and sequestrate the muscleblind like 1 MBNL1 protein into the RNA foci 11  , 12.Thus  , daf-12/NHR has another function  , apart from regulation of DAF-16/FOXO nuclear localization  , in the regulation of longevity by the reproductive system. However  , interestingly  , daf-12/NHR is still required for lifespan extension in animals carrying a mutant DAF-16/FOXO protein that localizes constitutively to nuclei 11.5-LO activating protein FLAP is an integral membrane protein localized to the nuclear envelope and endoplasmic reticulum. LTs are formed from arachidonic acid AA by 5-lipoxygenase 5-LO upon immunological or inflammatory challenge.TXN stimulates the transcriptional activity of nuclear factor κB NF-κB  , activator protein 1 Fos/Jun AP-1 and specificity protein 1 SP-1  , and elevates hypoxia inducible factor 1α HIF-1α protein levels  , which in turn influence vascular endothelial growth factor VEGF. TXN stimulates ribonucleotide reductase RR activity and supports DNA synthesis.A second loop regulates Bmal1 expression through the opposing actions of the REV–ERB and ROR nuclear receptor protein families 6 ,7. The Period and Cryptochrome gene families are prominent among these targets  , and their products ultimately repress CLOCK/BMAL1 activity and their own transcription 4 ,5.They found that Nef in fact activates Rac by binding to the DOCK2–ELMO1 complex. Because DOCK2 activates Rac as part of two different signaling pathways—one activated by the T cell receptor  , which mediates T cell activation  , and one by a chemokine receptor  , which controls T cell migration—the researchers investigated whether Nef could affect these important pathways by modulating Rac activity.We observe that both miP1a and CO and miP1b and CO co-localize in the same sub-nuclear structures Fig 1C. Potential inhibition of CO by miP1a/b could either be as a result of preventing the CO protein from entering the nucleus  , or by attenuating DNA-binding of CO. To determine if miP1a/b can retain CO in the cytoplasm  , we transiently co-transformed tobacco leaves with fusions of CO to the green fluorescent protein GFP and fusions of miP1a  , miP1b and miP1a* to the red fluorescent protein RFP.This points to a regulatory function of this protein–protein interaction in nuclear trafficking of Jacob after enhanced synaptic activation that is related to the competitive accessibility of Jacob's NLS for either Caldendrin or Importin-α binding. We found that the nuclear immunofluorescence for Jacob was significantly increased in cells with reduced Caldendrin levels after enhancing synaptic activity with bicuculline at DIV 16 Figure 8C–8E  , whereas the Caldendrin knockdown had no effect on Jacob's nuclear import after activation of extrasynaptic NMDA receptors.To examine whether the occupancy of Hbs2 in forelimb forming  , Tbx5-positive LPM and Tbx5-negative caudal LPM is different  , we carried out EMSA analysis using nuclear extracts from rostral or caudal LPM. 5D lane 5–6 and lane 10–11  , suggesting that Hbs2 is required for these DNA-protein complexes.In contrast  , hybrid Th1/2 cells homogeneously expressed intermediate levels of the Th1-associated chemokine receptor CXCR3 53 ,54 and the Th2-associated IL-33 receptor T1/ST2 46 ,55 when compared with their classic T-bet−GATA-3+ Th2 counterparts and a reference population of bulk T-bet+GATA-3− effector/memory Th1 cells Figure 1G. Consistent with earlier reports 46 ,52  , IFN-γ/IL-4 co-expression occurred at frequencies expected for stochastically independent events  , indicating a superimposition of the Th1 and Th2 transcriptional programs in the individual hybrid cells.For ATRX and DAXX  , loss of nuclear staining in tumor cells together with retained expression in non-neoplastic cells was considered loss of expression. For TP53  , heterogeneous expression of the protein was considered normal  , while overexpression or loss of nuclear staining in tumor cells compared to the expression of non-neoplastic cells was considered aberrant.However  , researchers have now identified nuclear targeting determinants  , which resemble eukaryotic nuclear localization signals  , and these have been found to affect targeting to the nucleus 157. The 38-kDa Cre protein from the most efficient Cre-lox system used for eukaryotic genome manipulation has been assumed to readily diffuse into the nucleus owing to its small size.Nuclear protein extracts from BT-474 breast cancer cells were incubated with a Glutathione-Serine-Transferase/AP-2α GST-AP2 hybrid protein  , linked to glutathione GSH coated magnetic beads. Our goal was to identify novel proteins interacting with AP-2  , which contribute to the factor's transcriptional activity.In addition  , immunocytochemical staining for Ube1 confirmed increased nuclear expression levels in Wld-expressing neurons in vivo Figure 3. Previous studies have demonstrated that protein levels of Ube1 a protein with known cell cycle involvement 33-36 are increased in Wldsynapses 31  , and we were able to confirm this finding by showing increased total Ube1 protein levels in Wldcerebellum Figure 2.Additionally  , four nuclear protein coding genes ENC1  , Ptr  , SH3PX3 and Tmo4c4 and the first intron of the ribosomal protein coding gene S7 were amplified and sequenced. The following mitochondrial markers were amplified and sequenced: partial mitochondrial 12S and 16S genes and the intervening sequence between them  , and ND2.Other processes involved in such regulation include pre-mRNA processing and nuclear mRNA retention by nuclear-specific paraspeckle complexes 18 ,19  , microRNAs miRNAs that interfere with mRNA translation 20-22  , and a new class of under-characterized non-coding RNA transcripts known as natural antisense transcripts NATs 23 ,24. These elements regulate gene expression at the chromatin  , DNA or RNA  , and protein levels through chromatin packaging or remodeling  , histone acetylation and deacetylation  , chromatin insulation  , DNA methylation  , post-transcriptional regulation and post-translational protein modification or degradation signaling pathways 15-17.Trees were obtained from neighbor-joining analyses and rooted using heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein K HNRNPK and Rho-like and Ran protein sequences  , respectively  , as outgroups. Phylogenetic reconstructions performed for A Noto15 and B Noto9 Far UpStream Element Binding Proteins  , or FUSEBPs duplicates found in Oikopleura.The interaction propensity is 175 corresponding to an AUC of 99.5%. Intriguingly  , it is predicted that TSC-2 mRNA interacts strongly with Nuclear Protein 5A NOP56.P: heterogeneously sized DNA bound to the nuclear scaffold; S1: protein fraction containing mononucleosomal-sized DNA fragments; S2: protein fraction containing a nucleosomal ladder of DNA fragments. C Fractionation of chromatin after partial digestion of nuclei by micrococcal nuclease.60 μg of nuclear and cytoplasmic proteins extracted from the cell lines were resolved by 10% PAGE. Ku70 and Ku80 protein levels in cytoplasm and nuclei of cancerous cell lines.The final alignment of all six genes  , including nuclear and mitochondrial loci  , consisted of 3527 base pairs. Protein coding partitions of mitochondrial and nuclear genes cytb  , BDNF  , SIA  , RAG1 were translated to amino acids with the program TranslatorX 96 to set codon positions and confirm absence of stop codons.For example  , deletion of nup124 resulted in low recombination and transposition  , a result previously described in studies that found Nup124 interacts with Gag and promotes nuclear import of Tf1 protein and cDNA 41–46. Of the 150 deletion strains with low levels of transposition 41 also exhibited recombination activity lower than 4 indicating these genes were important for intermediate stages of transposition such as particle assembly  , reverse transcription or nuclear import S2 Table.In contrast  , several CXCL type chemokine genes are expressed by both cell types  , however  , significant expression of genes coding for their cognate receptor genes was only detectable for CXCR4 in both cell types  , consistent with its description as an independent predictor of a poor clinical outcome of ovarian cancer 54. Moreover  , significant expression of receptor genes for these cytokines CCR1  , CCR2  , CCR5 was detected only in TAMs.FMRP interacts with BC1 RNA as well as a number of RNA-binding proteins  , including nucleolin and YB1 and the FMRP homologs FXR1 and FXR2 9. The protein has two heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein hnRNP K homology domains and one RGG box as well as nuclear localization and export signals.First  , PGC-1α activates the transcription of mitochondrial uncoupling protein-1 UCP-1 in BAT through interactions with the nuclear hormone receptors PPARγ and thyroid receptor 2. Several lines of evidence  , based on the results of overexpression studies  , indicate that PGC-1α is sufficient to promote mitochondrial biogenesis and regulate mitochondrial respiratory capacity.Crucially  , the authors show that artificial recruitment of INO1 to the nuclear membrane can be enough to activate the gene. Induction of the unfolded protein response bumps Opi1 off the chromatin and  , with Opi1 out of the way  , INO1 travels to the membrane and transcription proceeds.To retrieve enzymatic information  , merlin performs remote BLAST similarity searches to the NCBI databases. To avoid such massive effort  , merlin was used to implement the remote similarity alignments between the user set of genes or full genome as was the case and the previously selected remote NCBI database  , as well as retrieve and classify each homologue’s annotation  , providing comprehensible information.Its turnover by βTRCP may regulate these processes  , and its removal from the membrane after ubiquitination may also be a regulated step. Sun2 is a transmembrane protein that spans the inner nuclear envelope and has been implicated in the maintenance of nuclear structure and the regulation of DNA damage.S4  , Supplementary Material online. The genes suppressed only in lure-mated females included Obp56A  , occudin homology domain  , carboxylate reductase  , and binding nuclear protein  , with nine unknown function transcripts supplementary fig.Beads coated with expressed GST alone were used as a negative control. Nuclear protein extracts from BT-474 breast cancer cells were incubated with a Glutathione-Serine-Transferase/AP-2α GST-AP2 hybrid protein  , linked to glutathione GSH coated magnetic beads.TXN also binds to and inhibits the pro-apoptotic proteins apoptosis signal regulating kinase 1 ASK-1 and phosphatase and tensin homolog PTEN. TXN stimulates the transcriptional activity of nuclear factor κB NF-κB  , activator protein 1 Fos/Jun AP-1 and specificity protein 1 SP-1  , and elevates hypoxia inducible factor 1α HIF-1α protein levels  , which in turn influence vascular endothelial growth factor VEGF.Therefore  , striatin B and striatal B possess the same antigenic determinants. Striatin B and striatal B differ only in the aldehyde group at the C7 ring  , and this position of striatal B was used for BSA-conjugate synthesis for immunization.Some others like MACE 5 or YUMA 6  adopt a collaborative annotation paradigm for metadata enrichment. Some projects for instance  , MIMO-DB 3 or MERLIN 4  relate CH objects with terms of an external authority or vocabulary.RNA-seq and proteomics studies are just now beginning to reveal the true complexity of proteins that can be generated from the ∼20 ,000 protein-coding genes in humans. Given the example that simple phosphorylation can change the nuclear lamins from members of a highly insoluble structural framework underpinning the nuclear envelope to soluble proteins in the mitotic cytoplasm 7 ,8 and the vast numbers of modifications on proteins such as the histones 9  , the scope for functional complexity induced by post-translational modifications is truly vast and will keep cell biologists busy for many years to come.The remaining nuclear pellet was re-suspended in CERI buffer and sonicated to obtain nuclear protein. Cytoplasmic protein was extracted using NE-PERTM reagents CERI buffer  , Thermo Scientific according to manufacturer’s instruction.Simple BLAST searches identified many Ciona receptors as being similar to chemokine receptor cluster  , but they did not receive sufficient support in the phylogenetic analysis. Among the Rhodopsin receptors  , the human α- and β-group subfamilies are analogously represented in Ciona while among the seven subfamilies of the human γ- – and δ-groups  , orthologs of the PUR  , classical CHEM  , MCHR and MRG receptor subfamilies could not be identified by phylogeny Additional file 6.The elevation of cytosolic and nuclear AIF and its reduction in the mitochondria were associated with an increase in cell death. Concomitant with these changes  , the levels of AIF protein decreased in the mitochondria and no changes were found in whole cell lysates.A Co-immunoprecipitation assay using GFP beads on protein extracted after transient expression in N. benthamiana of GFP-MED19a and RFP-tagged nuclear-HaRxLs or RFP. Note the Co-IP of MED6 with GFP-MED19a even in the presence of HA-HaRxL44.Some antibodies were considered validated if their ChIP profiles were consistent with those of a second  , validated antibody to the same protein or to a known complex member. For immunofluorescence tests  , an antibody meeting the following two criteria were considered passed: 1 the immunofluorescence pattern must conform to expectations for example  , nuclear staining for a chromatin protein; 2 no immunofluorescence signal is detected in mutants.The protein  , named ZBED6  , is previously unknown and is encoded by an exapted DNA transposon. Here  , we report the identification of the repressor binding the IGF2 QTN site using mass spectrometry analysis after capturing nuclear proteins using a biotinylated oligonucleotide corresponding to the wild-type sequence.The bottom rows show results for various weighting schemes; 2:rRNA  , 10:rRNA  , and 100:rRNA refer to weighting schemes in which transversions are weighted 2  , 10  , and 100 times more than transitions  , respectively. The next four rows show results for analyses of partitioned datasets: mtDNA  , mitochondrial partition; Nuclear  , nuclear; Protein  , protein; and rRNA  , ribosomal RNAs from both nuclear and mitochondrial genomes.Extracts were normalized by protein content. Nuclear extracts from progestin-treated or virgin control mice were used for Western blots Figure 5a.In insects  , both nuclear and/or mitochondrial
DNA sequences have been used for the estimation of divergence times and rates of
sequence evolution Ho and Lo 2013. The use of the molecular clock with DNA  , RNA  , or protein sequences has
started to become a frequent approach.Using immunofluorescence IF a nuclear-localized signal was detected for VcMid-BH protein in cleaving androgonidia and in mature sperm packets Figures 3B–3J  , S5A–S5R  , and S6C–S6H  , a result similar to earlier findings of Mid protein localization in sperm nuclei of Pleodorina
21. Although we could not detect BFP fluorescence in Eve::VcMID-BH strains  , we could detect the HA epitope tag by Western blotting at all stages of vegetative and sexual development Figures 3A and S4.To observe Mps3 cleavage  , we focused again on cells in meiosis II when both the expression of P-MPS3 and the production of Mps3 protein were terminated  , permitting us to follow the fate of existing GFP-Mps3-RFP. Overproduced Mps3 protein localized robustly both to the SPB and to the nuclear periphery in meiosis I Fig 3  , demonstrating cytologically that the heterologous P-MPS3 construct overexpressed MPS3 during meiosis  , as shown by western blotting Fig 2B and 2C.As reported previously  , in the wild type follicle cells  , we observed a very distinct nuclear enrichment of STAT protein with a readily detectable gradient from the anterior to posterior 17. Since 10XSTAT-GFP reporter is activated by the STAT transcription factor  , we also examined the levels of STAT protein in Inx2-depleted follicle cells 18.The diverse conformations of quadruplexes suggest that specific structural features may enable participation in specific pathways. Co-crystal or nuclear magnetic resonance structures of protein/quadruplex complexes are essential to identify the structural determinants that attract specific proteins to specific quadruplexes.For example  , the nuclear expression of hepatitis B virus HBV envelop surface protein in transgenic tobacco plants was reported as 0.01% of total soluble protein TSP 5  , whereas the accumulation level of cholera toxin B subunit CTB  , a vaccine antigen against cholera  , in nuclear transgenic tobacco was between 0.02 to 0.1% of TSP 6 ,7. Despite this promise  , nuclear transformed transgenic plants often yield relatively low levels of recombinant protein.We previously demonstrated that the ER protein and RNA expression levels in total cell lysates are decreased by both FTI-277 and GGTI-298 treatment 17  , and that ICI 182 ,780  , a pure estrogen antagonist  , induces the rapid relocation of ERα to an insoluble nuclear fraction  , followed by its degradation 38. As an example  , RhoA is a geranylgeranylated protein known to stimulate the degradation of the cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor  , P27kip.We analyzed a recently released Java Buffer library  , JDK 1.4 Merlin and found many redundancies – the same or very similar code fragments recurring in may places. Yet  , programs are often polluted by redundant code.One KH-domain protein  , HUA ENHANCER 4 HEN4  , was found to interact with HUA1 in nuclear speckles to regulate flower development 46. However  , very few KH-domain proteins have been characterized in plants so far.The NDR/LATS kinases bind to highly conserved Mob coactivators  , forming a regulatory complex that controls a diverse set of in vivo effector proteins. In these systems  , MST/hippo kinases activate NDR nuclear Dbf2-related or LATS large tumor suppressor kinases Fig 1  , which are closely related members of the large AGC family of protein kinases.The blue fluorescence depicts nuclear counterstain with DAPI. C  , D. Cutl1 protein red fluorescence is expressed at E13 in the differentiating zone DZ of the ventral C and dorsal D telencephalon.Factors that lack association with chromatin are less likely to participate directly in integration. These non-chromatin associated proteins function in nuclear transport  , protein synthesis  , mRNA processing  , vesicle transport  , ubiquitination  , signal transduction  , metabolic processes  , chromosome segregation  , and cytoskeleton structure.In contrast  , wild-type GFP-Mps3 was concentrated at the SPB and localized evenly around the nuclear envelope. GFP-Mps3-nc first localized to the SPB  , and then accumulated at the nuclear periphery  , forming protein aggregates in large budded cells arrows.A second possibility is that the high levels of PER protein saturate the nuclear entry pathway  , preventing the majority of PER from localizing to the nucleus in pdfTik flies. The dampened and delayed nuclear entry of PER protein of CK2α-expressing smLNv provides support that CK2α normally functions to promote PER nuclear translocation.2 The chemokine receptor CCR7 antigen  , present on the pro-inflammatory M1 macrophage subtype. 1 The macrophage differentiation marker CD68.Nuclear or cytosolic protein was extracted from parental and chemo-residual cells. 1a.Genetic transformation of plastids has become an attractive alternative to nuclear gene transformation when very high recombinant protein levels may represent up to 70% of leaf protein and lack of transgene transmission via pollen in many species are desired. Approximately 10% of the regenerated plastid marker-free plants did not have the cre gene integrated in the nuclear genome 98.MQ mapping quality  , AF allele frequency  , DP sequencing depth  , MCM Mini-Chromosome Maintenance protein complex  , RPA Replication Protein A  , WCE whole cell extract  , S2 soluble cytosolic  , S3 soluble nuclear  , P3 chromatin-nuclear matrix Actin and lamin B serve as loading control * p < 0.05  , error bars indicate SDs.These rhythmic phosphorylation cycles also necessarily include the activity of a phosphatase  , and protein phosphatase 2A PP2A has been implicated in the rhythmic dephosphorylation of PER 14  , while protein phosphatase 1 PP1 has been implicated in the dephosphorylation of both TIM and PER 15. A second enzyme  , glycogen synthase kinase GSK3β/SHAGGY SGG  , regulates phosphorylation of TIM protein  , levels  , and nuclear entry 13.Comparing the cellular localization of ectopically expressed wild type and mutant rat ZIPK in HeLa cells revealed that the localization of the protein changed in a specific manner Figure 4A. To check whether the loss of the phosphorylation sites at positions 299 and 300 in rat ZIPK might influence murine protein nuclear localization  , we generated an A299T/A300T rat ZIPK mutant  , thus recreating the phosphorylation sites.Note that in the presence of RFP-HaRxL44  , GFP-MED19a signal is reduced in both input and IP arrows. A Co-immunoprecipitation assay using GFP beads on protein extracted after transient expression in N. benthamiana of GFP-MED19a and RFP-tagged nuclear-HaRxLs or RFP.Nuclear basic fibroblast growth factor bFGF drives DNA repair and DNA-dependent protein kinase catalytic subunit DNA-PKcs expression. Error bars represent SD  , n = 3  , **p <0.01  , two-tailed Student’s t testThe relatively low proportion of lethal genes indicates functional redundancy within those complexes. For example  , as listed in Table S1  , lethal complexes related to chromatin remodeling  , such as the RSC complex and the INO80 complex  , or protein transport and translocation  , such as the mitochondrial outer membrane translocase complex  , nuclear pore complex  , and ER protein-translocation complex  , have a relatively low proportion of lethal genes.The nuclear localisation of this protein and the nonviability of null mutants suggest that the MED19/Rox3 protein is a general regulatory factor 47. MED19/Rox3 was originally identified in a search for mutants increasing aerobic expression of the CYC7 gene in yeast 47.Nucleotide or protein input sequences were analyzed using either BLASTN or TBLASTN against the S. minutum nuclear genome and the transcriptome Altschul et al. Obtained nucleotide query sequences were translated using the ExPASy translate tool http://web.expasy.org/translate/  , Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics.A Expression of 17β-HSD1  , proliferating cell nuclear antigen PCNA  , nm23-H1  , and BRCA2 and CDKN1A interacting protein BCCIP in wild type WT MCF7 cells and MCF7 cells stably transfected with 17β-HSD1 MCF7-17βHSD1 revealed by western blots. mRNA and protein level modulation by 17beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 17β-HSD1.Transient expression of NES-GFP-POB1 in N. benthamiana leaves revealed that the fusion protein was stable and that GFP fluorescence was mainly located in the cytoplasm of the cells examined Fig 6A and 6B. To further investigate the importance of the nuclear localisation of POB1 for its function  , a nuclear export signal NES was added to the N-terminus of GFP-POB1 to form NES-GFP-POB1.Galectin-3 LGALS3 is one of the best characterized members of the evolutionary conserved family of galectins and was found to be strongly upregulated in our ex vivo isolated TReg cells Figure 2. Moreover  , Fritzsching 40 and Wang 41 and their groups demonstrated that human TReg cells are less sensitive to activation-induced cell death than their naïve counterparts.Analysis of T cell differentiation in Sdl carriers revealed subtle defects  , with some animals being more severely affected than others. Tests for common function did identify differences in genes with common gene functions including protein localization or targeting to mitochondria  , chemokine binding or receptor activity and endothelial cell proliferation.Notably  , Mps3-nc started to form protein aggregates at the nuclear periphery about 80 min after the activation of the galactose promoter Fig 7C. Galactose-induced Mps3  , including Mps3-nc  , first appeared at the SPB Fig 7C.This provides further support for the hypothesis that Tif1γ acts within novel nuclear foci  , during erythroid differentiation. In two different murine erythroleukemia cell lines MEL and G1E  , Tif1γ is also expressed in nuclear foci  , and even though the overall Tif1γ protein level is reduced  , this nuclear foci localization does not change with differentiation unpublished data.We compared clinical and pathological factors of patients with low versus high 12-chemokine gene expression scores calculated by principal component analysis determined by median split. GraphPad Prism software GraphPad Software  , San Diego  , CA  , USA was used to compare the mean chemokine gene expression scores with a Tukey test to obtain 95% confidence intervals between the molecular subtypes and receptor statuses by immunohistochemistry.Thus  , NADPH oxidase initiates an intracellular ROS signaling pathway 61 that can activate microglia and amplify the production of multiple pro-inflammatory cytokines  , such as TNFα 54 or PGE2 62. NADPH oxidase enhances pro-inflammatory gene expression through several downstream signaling molecules  , for example  , protein kinase C  , mitogen-activated protein kinase activation  , and nuclear factor-κB NFκB 58-60.For RNA immunopreciptation  , the nuclear extract was incubated with 50 µg of monoclonal C1A9 anti-HP1a antibody at 4°C overnight under continuous gentle movement. To elute the immunocomplexes for protein analysis  , an aliquot of beads was suspended in 50 µL SDS-PAGE sample buffer and incubated for 10 min at 90°C; following centrifugation the supernatant was removed and used in Western blot for testing the presence of HP1a protein.To monitor 60S biogenesis  , we established a HeLa cell line carrying an inducible copy of the ribosomal reporter protein Rpl29-GFP. Thus  , this cell line is suitable to study nuclear 60S biogenesis  , but currently we do not have the means to detect defects in cytoplasmic 60S maturation.The corresponding machinery is nuclear encoded  , and recognizes short stretches of sequence immediately upstream of the C to be converted 6. Mutational analyses of edited codons have demonstrated that editing is essential for protein function in vivo 4 ,5.Regardless  , a moderate decrease in the amount of Ago1-associated RNAP II was observed following Dicer knockdown; the ratio of bound RNAP II to nuclear Ago1 decreased by ∼70% following siDicer treatment Figure 3E  , It should be noted that siDicer and siDrosha treatments also upregulated endogenous protein levels of Ago1 including its nuclear abundance Figure 3D–G  , which may have resulted from a possible compensation mechanism in response to miRNA depletion 18.This phosphorylation not only directs ERα to the nucleus  , but also prevents its return to the cytoplasm due to the alteration of a probable nuclear export sequence. In endometrial tumor cells that express ERα  , estradiol induces phosphorylation of ERα at residue Thr311 through activation of the p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase 20.TRIP13 signal was noticeably absent in mutant meiotic nuclei. In wild type  , there was diffuse nuclear staining  , and no evidence of concentration on SC cores marked by the axial element protein SYCP3 at any meiotic substage Figure 1G.Whole cell lysates or nuclear extracts were analyzed by SDS-PAGE and Western blot  , detecting U1-70K  , γ-tubulin as a loading control  , and U1C. C U1-70K protein levels after U1C knockdown in HeLa cells.Yet  , in light of previous work showing that NLS IV  , at the C terminus of the protein position 409–416 of the human protein  , is the functionally relevant NLS  , required and sufficient for nuclear localization of murine ZIPK 4  , the possible functional implication of the loss of the linker region in NLS II in influencing the nuclear localization of ZIPK is unclear. The rat and mouse ZIPK proteins have lost part of the linker region between the positively charged ends of this potential NLS.We performed a two tailed Student’s t test with a Bonferroni correction for multiple testing  , comparing mean expression levels of the above-noted immune genes between groups with high and low 12-chemokine gene expression scores. We also studied immune gene expression levels of B and T lymphocyte attenuator BTLA  , cluster of differentiation CD14  , CD31  , CD274 programmed death ligand 1 or PD-L1  , CD56  , CD69  , CTLA4  , CXCL12  , fibroblast activation protein FAP  , granzyme B  , T cell immunoglobulin and mucin domain containing 3 TIM3  , indoleamine 2 ,3 dioxygenase IDO1  , interferon gamma IFN-γ  , interleukin IL2  , IL10  , IL4  , IL6  , Janus-associated kinase 1 JAK1  , lymphocyte activation gene 3 LAG3  , lymphocyte expansion molecule LEM  , homologous to lymphotoxin exhibits inducible expression and competes with HSV glycoprotein D for binding to herpesvirus entry mediator  , a receptor expressed on T lymphocytes LIGHT  , MHC class I polypeptide-related sequence A MICA  , neural cell adhesion molecule 1 NCAM1  , nuclear factor kappa light chain enhancer of activated B cells NFKB  , nitrogen oxide synthase 1 NOS1  , programmed death 1 PD1  , perforin 1 PRF1  , signal transducer and activator of transcription 1 STAT1  , signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 STAT3  , and vascular endothelial growth factor A VEGFA.The lac repressor array was integrated beside INO1 in strains expressing either the wild-type Lac I-GFP untethered INO1 or a modified version possessing an FFAT motif to target the protein to the nuclear envelope tethered INO1; 6 ,26. To determine if recruitment to the nuclear periphery is sufficient to promote activation  , we compared the activation of INO1 that was artificially tethered to the nuclear envelope to untethered INO1.By using an ERCC1 depleted cell line  , they detected an unidentified 8F1 cross-reactive nuclear protein with similar molecular weight. This observation is well correlated with the previous publication from Bhagwat NR  , et al
19.Hence the biological significance of the CIC:importin association remains unclear 29. But full length GFP-CIC was nuclear even after EGF stimulation  , and the N-terminal half of the CIC protein was found to be nuclear  , even though it does not bind to importin-α4.Cajal bodies CBs are small nuclear organelles detected in the nuclei of many eukaryotes 40. In the case of PARP1 protein  , at least  , because CB is important for recovery of inactive hypermodified protein  , this sequence of events necessarily leads to the suggestion that CB is an organelle for the disassembly and recovery of protein complexes after their work has been done and  , thus  , supports a novel recently suggested paradigm of CB function 45.Importantly  , nodes which were not used as calibration points were consistently dated in accordance with estimates from nuclear genes and the fossil record Old world monkeys from New world monkeys 36.8MYA protein 38.4MYA DNA  , Homo from Pan 5.7MYA protein 6.4MYA DNA  , Mus from Rattus 15.1MYA protein 15.9MYA DNA 13 ,30. Notably the divergence of Glires from Primates and Dermoptera is estimated to have occurred just over 65 Million Years Ago MYA by both DNA and protein data  , the divergence of the Hystricognathi + Anomalurus group is dated at 58.7MYA protein or 57.5MYA DNA  , while the divergence of the Muroidea+Dipodidae clade from the Sciuridae+Myoxidae clade is estimated to have occurred 53.4MYA protein or 51.8 MYA DNA.Differential centrifugation of brain protein fractions demonstrated that Jacob IR is associated with particulate fractions  , including light and heavy membranes  , and is prominently present in synaptosomes  , synaptic junctional membranes  , and the PSD fraction Figure 3A. Subcellular fractionation experiments confirmed that Jacob is a synaptic and a nuclear protein.To determine the effects of CK2α loss of function on core molecular clock rhythms  , we tested whether expression of UASTik in PDF-positive LNv altered cycling of the core clock protein PER. These results are consistent with prior reports that reduction of CK2 activity inhibits nuclear entry 16.Lower panel: PCR detection of the Galectin-1-E2A-PDL1 transgene using Lgals1F forward and Cd274R reverse primers. Third panel: DNA quality was controlled with a Rosa26-specific PCR R26wtF/R primers  , 0.2 kb.In addition to chromatin regulation  , light-regulated gene expression largely relies on the actions of light-signaling transcription factors TFs  , which have been extensively studied in the past few decades 16. A nuclear protein De-etiolated 1 DET1 was shown to interact with UV-Damaged DNA Binding Protein 1 DDB1 to regulate gene expression via chromatin binding 15.Mitochondrial and nuclear protein-coding sequences were checked for open reading frames  , stop codons or unexpected indels; this was to ensure that the target gene had been sequenced 57. DNA sequences were assembled by Sequencher v4.10.1 Gene Codes Corporation  , Michigan  , USA and the plasmid vector and primer sequences removed.It has previously been shown that alternative splicing of a similar in-frame intron in S. cerevisiae PTC7 leads to the translation of a mitochondrial protein isoform from the spliced mRNA and a nuclear envelope protein isoform from the unspliced mRNA and that the intronic region codes for a transmembrane domain of the protein 72. Both of the Z. parabailii homeologs contain a 69-bp in-frame intron within the open reading frame ORF of the gene.HERV-K type 2 proviruses encode the protein Rec  , which derives from alternative splicing of the env gene and is responsible for nuclear export and translation of viral RNAs 51. DNA hypomethylation and transactivation by Oct4 at LTR5HS synergistically stimulate HERV-K expression and lead to the presence of retroviral and viral-like particles in human preimplantation embryos 31.a Percent of cells with nuclear Msn2p localization at several time points after H2O2 treatment in wild-type and rpd3Δ cells according to the key. Msn2p localization in wild-type and rpd3Δ cells responding to H2O2 treatment was scored  , in cells transformed with a plasmid constitutively expressing Msn2-green fluorescent GFP protein obtained from T Tsukiyama 6 ,58.Earlier work  , based on limited numbers of genes 15 ,62-64  , has consistently found gnetophytes to have higher rates of sequence evolution in genes from each of the three compartments plastid  , mitochondrial and nuclear genomes and in both ribosomal and protein-coding genes. We detected elevated levels of sequence divergence in most Welwitschia genes analyzed.The cxcr4/cxcl12 signaling axis regulates the directional migration of a variety of cell types 35 ,36 and has been previously demonstrated to regulate NC migration and development of NC-derived craniofacial cartilages and sympathetic ganglia 37 ,38. We took a candidate approach and focused on the chemokine receptor cxcr4a and its ligand cxcl12b sdf1b.We note that even though the GEM tag was predicted to restrict nuclear protein to S-G2/M phases  , there was no nuclear AID-mCherry-GEM signal in any stage of cell cycle. Reduced viability was associated with the presence of nuclear AID in S phase  , in AIDF193A-mCherry and AIDF193A-mCherry-GEM transductants Fig 6D and 6E.In the nuclei of root cells  , GFP fluorescence was excluded from a large part of the nucleus  , probably the nucleolus. Confocal fluorescence microscopy analysis of transgenic plants expressing the MOS14-GFP fusion protein showed that the GFP signal is found exclusively in the nucleus Figure 3  , indicating that MOS14 is a nuclear protein.In interphase  , Polycomb PC  , PSC  , and dRING dR are predominantly nuclear  , while in mitotic cells  , they are distributed throughout the cell body  , and neither restricted to nor excluded from chromosomes. We analyzed PcG protein localization to mitotic chromosomes in Drosophila S2 cells  , a well-characterized cell line derived from embryos  , by immunofluorescence.A further major effort is geared towards the development of a sophisticated process engineer's support erwironment. In general   , one of the major work areas in the Merlin project is to investigate the power and suitability of fully object oriented database systems as the underlying storage mechanism for process-centered software development environments.Sequences were retrieved from GenBank 74 terminals or sequenced 15 terminals from total genomic DNA Table S2. Molecular data include the mitochondrial rRNA genes 12S and 16S sequences; ∼2 ,400 bp and the nuclear protein-coding gene RAG-1 approximately 495 bp.Although it is possible that RNA molecules may have been protected from digestion by Ago1 or its associated protein complex 17  , the data implies Ago1-RNAP II interactions are stable following depletion of nuclear single-stranded RNA species. RNase A/T1 treatment did not disrupt interactions between Ago1 and RNAP II Figure 3A.In addition to FOXP3  , CTLA4 and IL2RA  , we also found the chemokine receptor 7 CCR7  , the transferring receptor TFRC and integrin beta 2 ITGB2 genes in this intersection group between mouse and human. Those genes at the intersection of both organisms reflect high levels of interspecies conservation during the evolutionary process  , thereby lending credibility to their important role in TReg cell development and function Figure 3.Protein concentrations were determined by bicinchoninic acid BCA assay. The supernatants after centrifugation were collected as nuclear protein extracts.We detected strong protein bands representing SYCP2  , HORMAD1 and HORMAD2 in the immunoprecipitates  , suggesting that phosphorylation of these proteins occurs at an S/T-Q motif Figure 1D. Testis nuclear extracts were subjected to immunoprecipitation with the anti-pS/T-Q antibody  , and the immunoprecipitates were probed for chromosome axis proteins by immunoblotting.Comparing the here reported chloroplast editome of the early-branching Amborella trichopoda to plant molecular model organisms suggests coinciding losses of editing sites and their specificity factors to overall dominate in the course of angiosperm evolution. Nuclear PPR protein genes encoding organelle RNA editing factors appear to disintegrate quickly after loss of their targets in plant chloroplasts.c  , d Chemokine/receptor networks for immune infiltration in diverse cancer types. Statistical significance was evaluated using a Wilcoxon rank sum test.This prototype  , for simplicity also called Merlin in the remainder of this paper  , uses a rule-based technique to describe software process*Merlin is not an acronym Merlin stands for the idea to support sotiare construction based on a well-defined set of building blocks of software and their respective attributes and relations. In the context of the Merlin* project carried out at the University of Dortmund in cooperation with STZ  , a Dortmund based software house  , a prototype of a process-centered environment has been completed.The nuclear Tsr2 promotes the safe transfer of importin-bound Rps26 eS26 to the 90S pre-ribosome 33. The ankyrin-repeat protein Yar1 interacts specifically with Rps3 uS3 according to the recently proposed r-protein nomenclature 30 and acts as an anti-aggregation chaperone that may accompany Rps3 to its nuclear assembly site 31 ,32.Of the upregulated genes coding for nuclear or cytosolic proteins in PPV-infected Arabidopsis leaves  , two OGTs O-linked N-acetyl glucosamine transferase  , named SEC SECRET AGENT and SPY SPINDLY  , a gibberellin response protein  , which can potentially posttranslationally modify the viral capsid protein CP  , are very interesting. It is not clear whether the upregulation of SPY in PPV-infected Arabidopsis is a compensation for the loss of SEC that is used for the modification of the PPV CP.†GA binding protein. *Hepatocyte nuclear factor 4a.DNA voucher specimens were deposited at the collection of the Museo Nacional de Ciencias Naturales Madrid  , Spain. For the nuclear phylogenetic analysis  , a subset of 101 individuals was selected from mtDNA lineages and sequenced for both the nuclear genes RAG1 1473 bp and the first intron of the ribosomal protein S7 1112 bp total alignment including gaps.After cell fractionation  , disintegration of the nuclei was optimized. After confirming the rSN1 accumulation in the nuclear fraction of insect cells  , we selected clone 7A2 for further studies as it seemed to render slightly higher protein levels.Nuclear protein from chemo-residual cells was extracted. 1a.Furthermore  , the unique feature of combining different rule syntax based on different underlying executicm paradigms represents a first step towards a multi-paradigm language for process modelling as for example described in DGS89b . The main advantages and key distinguishing features of the Merlin approach as compared to other ruldmed process-centered software development environments like MARVEL KBFS88 or OIKOS ACM90  , are the persistent storage of a process combined with its efficient and flexible interpretation of backward and forward chaining rules.We also analyzed allele sharing and determined non-penetrant individuals using the tools pediSNP and SNPduo Supplementary Figure 2 in Text S1. We selected ∼2% of the genotyped SNPs 10 ,763 autosomal SNPs  , requiring that they were heterozygous in at least 4 genotyped individuals  , and used them for parametric linkage as calculated with the Merlin linkage analysis software 21 assuming a dominant model with reduced penetrance set at 0.8.In addition  , epigenetic silencing of the lysosomal cysteine protease inhibitor cystatin 6 CST6 is more frequently observed in metastatic lesions than in primary cancers 35 and the epigenetic silencing of the chemokine CXCL12 rather than its receptor CXCR4 contributes to the metastatic potential of mammary carcinoma cells 36. Promoter methylation has also been observed in a wide variety of essential molecular pathways in the context of metastatic breast cancer  , including genes involved in apoptosis 26  , DNA repair 27 ,28  , the regulation and composition of the extracellular matrix 29 ,30  , transcription 31 ,32 and the cell cycle 33 ,34.Mps3 interacts with Csm4  , a putative KASH protein with a single trans-membrane tail domain bridging the outer nuclear envelope; Csm4 is required for telomeres to coalesce into the bouquet configuration and undergo Ndj1-dependent motion 63  , 64  , 72  , 73. Ndj1 interacts with the conserved SUN-protein Mps3 that spans the inner nuclear envelope 71.Here we investigated the role of MRPS34 in mice carrying a homozygous mutation in the nuclear gene encoding this protein that causes a significant decrease of this protein. Although MRPS34 has been found localized to mitochondria and associated with the human homolog of the Drosophila discs large tumor suppressor protein hDLG 16  , its role in mitochondria and protein synthesis has not been identified or characterized.Genetic markers associated with disease resistance have been found in regulatory and coding sequences of chemokine receptors 24-29. Mutations in regulatory or coding sequences for chemokine receptors that are used as pathogen fusion proteins can alter host-pathogen interactions: amino acid substitutions in extracellular domains can prevent recognition by the pathogen or interfere with the pathogen's ability to utilize the receptor as a gateway into the cell.The single-copy protein is also seen as nuclear throughout the cell-cycle  , however is also seen as puncta in S/G2. Bub1 is clearly visible as puncta in S/G2 phase of the cell cycle  , presumably when it localizes to the kinetochores  , while Mad3 is seen as nuclear throughout the cell-cycle.Nuclear extracts prepared from induced different clones of cells were incubated with streptavidin-coated paramagnetic beads Dynabeads M-280  , Dynal  , Oslo  , Norway and pulled down proteins separated by polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis. Nuclear extracts were tested for presence of the fusion protein using a delangin-specific antibody and streptavidin horseradish peroxidase.Our data suggest that autophagy activators are unlikely to be effective therapeutics for the subset of protein aggregation disorders where nuclear localization of the mutant protein is required for toxicity. Efforts are now underway to identify small molecules that activate the autophagic pathway in hopes of ameliorating the phenotypes of these diseases 56  , 57.Immune complexes were washed twice with RIPA buffer and eluted in NuPAGE® LDS sample buffer Invitrogen  , Temecula  , CA  , USA containing reducing agent Invitrogen at 70°C for 10 minutes. Precleared nuclear lysate was incubated with antibody or IgG at a concentration of 1 μg per approximately 500 μg of total protein and 50 μl Protein G-agarose at 4°C overnight.Immunofluorescence of mouse embryo fibroblast nuclei with the anti-Tif1γ antiserum demonstrates that Tif1γ is localized in small nuclear foci Figure 6A. In order to examine the subcellular distribution of Tif1γ protein  , we generated an affinity-purified rabbit polyclonal antiserum directed against the C-terminal 15 amino acids conserved in human TIF1γ and mouse Tif1γ.Islet cells themselves are probably an important source of chemokine production during inflammation  , as suggested by the present findings. Thus  , it was observed that pancreatic beta cells from islets affected by insulitis express CXCL10  , while the infiltrating T cells express CXCR3  , the receptor of CXCL10 73  , 74.For a pair of interacting chemokine and receptor genes  , if both are significantly correlated with immune cell infiltration in one cancer  , a colored dot represents the cancer type is placed on the edge connecting the chemokine and receptor. For each cancer  , the partial correlations corrected for purity between the chemokine gene expression and infiltration of CD8 T cells c or macrophages d were calculated.Belonging to the class of chemokine GPCRs  , CCR7 is thought to activate intracellular signaling only when bound to its cognate ligands 69  , resembling the well-studied ligand-receptor pair CXCL12-CXCR4 31 ,32. All three predicted ligands are considered equally potent to activate Ccr7 signaling  , based on their comparable overall similarity to the mammalian CCR7 ligands CCL19 and CCL21 37  , which can elicit different immune responses 67 ,68.Consistent with the almost complete deletion of the Dicer locus Additional file 1: Fig. The deletion of the LoxP-flanked exons 20–21 in the Dicer locus was induced by transducing NPCs with the HTN-Cre protein  , a recombinant fusion protein able to cross the cell and nuclear membrane 28.Overexpressing another nucleolar protein  , Fibrillarin 2 GFP-FIB2  , resulted in only a single nucleolus. The nucleolar area was defined by the absence of RFP-tagged nuclear marker Ethylene Responsive Transcription Factor 4 ERF4-RFP  , which does not localize in nucleoli.By contrast  , in the Inx2-depleted follicle cells  , the nuclear enrichment of STAT protein was weak and in some instances quite diffuse Fig 2D–2E. The highest STAT protein was observed at the anterior tip which progressively reduced as the distance from the polar cell increased.Lysate from E2f3a mice was used as a control to confirm the location of E2f3a protein. Nuclear and cytoplasmic extracts from an equivalent number of retinal cells from mice of the indicated genotypes and ages were analyzed by Western blotting to detect the indicated proteins.CD8 T-cell level is significantly associated with a subset of chemokine–receptor pairs  , including CCL3 ,4 ,5–CCR1 ,5 and XCL1 ,2–XCR1 Fig. Most of these molecules were expressed in the microenvironment Additional file 1: Figure S6a  , b.Interpretation of forward chaining rules 'l%e interpretation of the Merlin forward chaining rules is simple. The next rule to be unified is either the first body element of the rule that has been selected during the last resolution step or if the selected rule was a fact  , the next rule to be unified is the next rule in the body.To reveal additional risk loci from those showing moderate associations in the GWAS 31 loci  , 5×10−8<P
GWAS
<5×10−5  , we selected a landmark SNP from each locus and genotyped it for an additional cohort replication-1: 2 ,187 cases and 28 ,219 controls Table S1  , S2. We previously performed a GWAS of RA using a Japanese case-control cohort 2 ,303 cases and 3 ,380 controls and identified significant associations in major histocompatibility complex  , class II  , DR beta 1 HLA-DRB1 MIM 142857  , and chemokine C-C motif receptor 6 CCR6 MIM 601835 loci P
GWAS<5×10−8 6.Ndj1 interacts with the conserved SUN-protein Mps3 that spans the inner nuclear envelope 71. Ndj1 is a fungal-specific telomere-associated protein that promotes telomere/NE associations 63  , 68–70.A portion of each nuclear extract was immunoprecipitated with the RNA-Binding Protein Immunoprecipitation Kit according to the manufacturer’s protocol Millipore  , using Anti-GFP Sigma antibody-coupled magnetic A/G beads or IgG coupled magnetic protein A/G beads. the total soluble nuclear proteins were extracted.Davies et al showed CAPAN-1 cells to be defective in nuclear localization of RAD51  , raising the possibility that RAD51 is normally carried to the nucleus by binding BRCA2. It had been shown previously that the small amount of truncated BRCA2 protein expressed by CAPAN-1 cells was mislocalized to the cytoplasm  , consistent with the fact that the truncation protein lacks a nuclear localization signal 28.Moreover  , merlin uses internal heuristics to lower the threshold  , inversely to the number of transmembrane helices of the gene. The similarity threshold  , when performing the SW similarity searches  , was of 10%  , because the transporter database was very small 6100 records at the time of the alignment – September 2011.Previous studies have shown that rat and mouse ZIPK both bind PAR-4 protein 4 ,11 ,13. We therefore searched for an adaptive mechanism exclusive to the murine system that may allow the nuclear murine ZIPK to exit the nucleus and perform its cytoplasmic functions  , thus compensating for the sequence divergence.As a translational approach  , we investigated immunotherapy targets for both therapeutic cancer vaccine and checkpoint blockade. Our analysis also suggested that the inter-tumor heterogeneity of immune infiltration is potentially caused by both cancer genetic variations as well as the disease-specific expression pattern of the chemokine/receptor network.Given frequent changes of growth medium  , HEK 293E cells will continue to produce protein for 2 weeks 57. The vectors used contain the oriP sequence that supports increased protein production in HEK 293E which express EBV nuclear antigen 1.Cx47 was shown to interact with the tight junction adaptor protein zonula occludens 1 ZO-1  , the Y-box transcription factor zonula occludens 1 associated nucleic acid binding protein ZONAB which regulates expression of the proliferating cell nuclear antigen PCNA  , cyclin D1 and ErbB-2. Besides loss of channel function  , loss of intracellular protein interaction may also be relevant for the phenotype of Cx47M282T expressing mice and for PMLD.Plasmids expressing  , under the transcriptional control of the ADH1 promoter  , the GA5-3xyEGFP control protein or the indicated Rpl4a fragments fused  , via a GA5-linker  , to a C-terminal 3xyEGFP were transformed into a wild-type strain expressing the nucleolar marker protein Nop58-yEmCherry from the genomic locus. B  , Mapping of nuclear localization signals within Rpl4a.Here we showed that  , in addition to nuclear division  , cytokinesis is another step of the cell cycle with limitations  , whose entry is blocked or slowed by nutrient starvation  , and that starvation-induced autophagy is required to overcome the cell cycle delay at both steps Figure 6 and Figure 7. Nuclear division and cytokinesis are two critical events during the cell cycle  , both of which require protein synthesis 40.A nuclear protein De-etiolated 1 DET1 was shown to interact with UV-Damaged DNA Binding Protein 1 DDB1 to regulate gene expression via chromatin binding 15. At the molecular level  , several light signaling components were proposed to function in chromatin regulation.CBP/p300 interacts with ER and RAR in their ligand-bound conformation to induce gene expression 22. Nuclear receptors and BRCA1 require coactivator proteins such as p300 and its close relative CREB-binding protein CBP to activate target gene transcription 21.Despite using merlin  , all of the Kluyveromyces lactis functional EEGC’s automatic assignments were reviewed according to the schema depicted in Figure
3  , so that the minimum number of false positives would be included in this annotation. Only when none of the previous information was available the search was extended to curated homologues of other organisms.The nuclear localization of αSyn remains under debate  , since conflicting results have been obtained for the existence of αSyn in nuclei of mammalian brain neurons 19–23. αSyn is a natively unfolded protein  , enriched at presynaptic nerve terminals.B The nuclear marker MADS3-mCherry fusion protein. A Sub-cellular localization of EHD4-GFP fusion protein.Deletion of the zinc finger from zebrafish Nlz proteins leads to a loss of nuclear localization 79  , and the Nlz1 zinc finger is necessary for transcriptional repression 13. Usually  , multiple zinc fingers are required for DNA binding  , suggesting that the NET family zinc finger is a protein-protein interaction domain 11  , 67.We next examined the expression of Tif1γ protein during the differentiation of G1E cells  , a murine erythroleukemia cell line that can terminally differentiate into erythrocytes when a Gata1:estrogen receptor fusion protein is stabilized in response to estrogen exposure Weiss et al. Furthermore  , Tif1γ does not colocalize with promyelocytic leukemia gene product PML nuclear bodies  , DNA repair complexes that contain Mre11  , or transcriptional complexes containing TFII-B unpublished data.Factors we identified function in nuclear transport  , protein synthesis  , mRNA processing  , vesicle transport  , chromatin structure  , transcription  , spicing  , and DNA repair. Our data makes it possible to compare the candidate integration factors we identified in S. pombe to the factors of S. cerevisiae that through a number of studies are likely to promote integration.Mammalian Dicer was initially characterized as an exclusively cytoplasmic protein 25 ,26  , but recent reports have challenged this localization 27. Surprisingly  , we found that Dicer in the mouse is an exclusively cytoplasmic protein  , indicating that nuclear RNA processing is not a conserved feature of mammalian Dicer in vivo.The patterns of dsx expression seen at these two time points were virtually the same. To do this  , we simultaneously imaged expression of dsx and fru
50 using UAS-nuclear GFP UAS-Stinger and lexA operator-nuclear tdTomato lexAop-tdTomato::nls red fluorescent protein 50 in males and females at 72 h after puparium formation APF and as 0–12 h adults.When the experiment was performed with the ubiquitin fusion protein associated with the Tat PTD  , the protein was seen only in the membrane fraction and no signal was seen in the cytoplasmic and nuclear fractions Figure 6b  , upper panel. Cells incubated either with FP1UG or SHPR190 were separated into cytoplasmic  , nuclear and membrane fractions.This negative regulation of import model predicts that nuclear Smarcc1a would be reduced by both Bbs6 over-expression and Smarcc1a knockdown. The specificity and efficacy of knockdown was validated by western blot showing reduced endogenous Smarcc1a protein levels in morphants S6D Fig and by the ability of exogenous smarcc1a mRNA to significantly suppress knockdown defects S6E Fig.The 20–22 nt-long microRNAs miRNAs are essential regulators in many biological processes in almost all eukaryotes 1. Other proteins involved include the zinc finger domain protein serrate SE 6  , C-terminal domain phosphatase-like 1 CPL1 7  , the nuclear cap-binding complex 8  , TOUGH 9  , and MOS2 10.Since their discovery  , TRN-SR proteins have not been extensively studied 10. TRN-SR proteins have been shown to function as nuclear import receptors for both phosphorylated SR proteins as well as the splicing repressor protein RSF1 which antagonizes SR proteins in the nucleus 11  , 30.Hasegawa and colleagues 58 subsequently showed that Saf-A is necessary for Xist localization in both neuroblasts and fully differentiated MEFs. Fackelmayer and coworkers were the first to describe the enrichment of Saf-A  , a nuclear matrix protein  , in the Xi territory 56  , 57.Equivalent amounts were immunoblotted with DNA-PKCS and Lamin A antibodies. Nuclear protein from chemo-residual cells was extracted.The Δ166 allele completely removes the MBD and N-terminal portion of the protein. The RTT R294X mutation truncates the protein within the transcriptional repression domain TRD  , but maintains the nuclear localization signal.Nuclear membrane resonance NMR and/or protein crystallography have been used to construct 3D structural model of the target protein 16 but these techniques are more laborious  , expensive and time consuming whereas  , bioinformatics analyses offer comparatively less laborious  , inexpensive and relatively faster experimentation. Secondary structure of the target protein was predicted by employing the I-TASSER and then a 3D structural model of the target protein indicating substrate binding residues was constructed.Nuclear GFP protein does not interact with Coilin. B.Specialized nuclear arrangement of gypsy insulator complexes correlates tightly with insulator function. Finally  , in addition to a variety of accessory proteins 17–19  , a role for RNA in insulator function and insulator body organization was suggested based on RNA-dependent protein interaction with insulator complexes 20.It's been suggested that these enzymes stabilize specific mRNAs in the cytoplasm by extending their polyA tails. Unlike the nuclear PAPs  , in which one protein contains both catalytic activity and an RNA-binding domain  , the new class relies on two or more protein subunits to carry out these tasks.In theory  , a cell's nuclear membrane guards its contents by barring access to potential foes. Other retroviruses  , like HIV and so-called pararetroviruses  , enlist protein escorts that help them slip through undetected.Here we complete the mitochondrial phylogeny of the subfamily Leuciscinae using nuclear information by analyzing the Recombination Activating Gene 1 RAG-1 and the Ribosomal Protein Gene S7 S7. In turn the cytochrome oxidase I COxI gene has also proved to be a useful tool for the identification of fish species 59 ,60.The two other clusters included terms related to the nuclear compartments and intracellular protein transport. This enrichment is likely to occur due to the abundance of Alu elements  , which have integrated into zinc finger genes 20 ,29.For example  , NFκB promotes cell migration and metastasis by upregulating expression of chemokine receptor CXCR4 20. NFκB has been implicated in the progression of breast cancer.Moreover  , although their predominant localizations are nuclear Nmnat1  , Golgi-associated Nmnat2 and mitochondrial Nmnat3 34  , the recent finding that WldS acts at a non-nuclear site despite its nuclear abundance 3 reminds us that low levels of protein can act elsewhere  , especially if enzyme activity amplifies the effect. Transcripts of all three mammalian Nmnat isoforms are expressed in mouse SCG neurons Figure S3 and 26  , suggesting each is a reasonable candidate.A spPrp16-GFP expressed from the multicopy plasmid exhibited a dot-like signal in the nucleus  , in addition to diffuse nuclear distribution. Western blot analysis was performed with an anti–protein A antibody Cid12-TAP or anti-HA antibody spPrp16-HA.Given the diverse roles of CTCF  , it is possible that it binds to a wide variety of DNA motifs  , mediated by differential contributions of various zinc fingers 1 ,6  , each facilitating specific protein-protein interactions. In addition  , CTCF can also act as an insulator as chromatin boundary or enhancer blocker  , promote intra- or inter-chromosomal interactions  , regulate nuclear localization  , or participate in the control of imprinting reviewed in 1 ,14.Chemicals were from Sigma-Aldrich unless otherwise specified. Alexa Fluor633-conjugated phalloidin  , 4 ,4-difluoro-1 ,3 ,5 ,7 ,8-pentamethyl-4-bora-3a  , 4a-diaza-s-indacene Bodipy 493/503  , Bodipy-TR BTR ceramide  , and the secondary Abs Alexa Fluor®-594 Fab2 fragments of goat anti-rabbit and goat anti-mouse IgG H+L were purchased from Molecular Probes Inc. now part of Invitrogen Corporation  , Carlsbad  , CA  , USA; mouse anti-β-actin and anti-vimentin Abs from Sigma-Aldrich; rabbit polyclonal anti-HER2  , anti-E-cadherin  , and anti-N-cadherin and mouse monoclonal anti-MFG-E8 from Santa Cruz Biotechnology  , Inc. Santa Cruz  , CA  , USA; monoclonal anti-galectin-3 and anti-β-casein Abs from Abcam Cambridge  , UK; and horseradish peroxidase-conjugated goat anti-mouse and goat anti-rabbit IgG from Bio-Rad Laboratories  , Inc. Hercules  , CA  , USA.PCNA is one of a family of DNA sliding clamps that encircles DNA  , is essential for replication  , and has binding sites for many proteins  , including the replicative polymerases 37 and there is evidence that it can act as a scaffold to coordinate MMR through consecutive protein-protein interactions 38. An important part of the explanation likely involves interactions of MMR proteins with the proliferating cell nuclear antigen  , PCNA.Such collection was carefully reviewed  , with the purpose of selecting the correct gene function without reservations. It was the group of genes assigned with different enzymes on each merlin project distinct.Figure 7C shows that HP1a is involved in nuclear complexes with different mobility which include all three protein tested DDP1  , PEP and HRB87F. RNA-containing proteic complexes migrate faster than the same complexes where RNA has been digested since RNA has a much higher charge/mass ratio than a protein.An alternative  , nuclear-encoded protein that requires light can also affect chlorophyll maturation. The product of these chl genes encodes an enzyme that allows chlorophyll to "green in the dark".Also  , it is widely accepted by the community that the VirE2-ssDNA complex already forms in the host cytoplasm  , allowing subsequent nuclear import of the nucleo-protein complex into the nucleus 2. This controversial results might be explained by the fact that the GUS-VirE2 fusion protein mimics the conformation of VirE2 when bound to ssDNA and hence get imported into the nucleus V. Citovsky  , personal communication.It is possible that these are highly divergent homologs of the chemokine receptor cluster genes. These were annotated as "Unclassifed Chemokine receptor cluster-like".We have  , however  , suggested that inactivated automodified PARP1 proteins accumulate in CB which leads to the construct of a different model for CBs in the nuclei. Therefore  , up to now  , a general model of CB function has been represented by preassembly of nuclear protein complexes for their performance.We reported earlier that NHERF1 interacted with SYK and merlin 1. Although our study addressed the biologic effect of NHERF1 on the proliferation of breast cancer cells  , it remains unclear which NHERF1-associated pathway  , among all NHERF1-interacting partners  , is responsible for the NHERF1 tumour suppressor function.The evolutionary dynamics of protein domains are often distinct from dynamics on the gene level  , and sometimes signals of adaptation only become apparent at the protein domain level. This domain is normally part of RNA viruses  , and its presence in the B. terrestris genome may be a nuclear insertion of genetic material from a viral infection  , but no longer encode a functional RNA-dependent RNA-polymerase.A Green-fluorescent protein tagged gene cloned from L. kluyveri single-copy protein  , SCP localizes differently than either the Bub1 or Mad3 proteins from S. cerevisiae. The single-copy protein is also seen as nuclear throughout the cell-cycle  , however is also seen as puncta in S/G2.While previous works reported the position of neuronal cell bodies  , the projections of these neurons could not be described by immunolocalization because DSX is a nuclear protein 27. The various TN2 neurons also innervated dorsal neuropile regions  , while the AbNs innervated the posterior abdominal neuropile and projected through the abdominal trunk nerve Figure 9.Structural modelling suggests that Caldendrin binding will potentially occupy Jacob's NLS  , thereby masking this binding site for interaction partners that are likely involved in Jacob's nuclear localization. Within this scheme  , Importin-α functions as an adapter molecule by binding both the NLS-bearing protein and Importin-β.Primers against the cytosolic ribosomal protein 49 RP49 were used to normalise to nuclear DNA content of the samples. E qPCR of mtDNA steady-state levels DmMTPAP KO and control larvae at 4 days ael.To determine the precise localization of MYRF in the cell  , we expressed epitope-tagged MYRF constructs in HeLa cells. A doubly-tagged protein  , 3F-MYRF-GFP Figure 1A  , resolved this apparent dichotomy: The FLAG tag at the N-terminus exhibited a nuclear signal  , whereas the C-terminal GFP signal co-localized with the ER Figure 1C.Reduction of single nucleotide substitution SNS and malfunction of the translesion DNA synthesis and repair TLS process upon protracted p21WAF1/Cip1 expression. MQ mapping quality  , AF allele frequency  , DP sequencing depth  , MCM Mini-Chromosome Maintenance protein complex  , RPA Replication Protein A  , WCE whole cell extract  , S2 soluble cytosolic  , S3 soluble nuclear  , P3 chromatin-nuclear matrixAs shown in Figure 1F  , 1G  , Ago1 signals were generally scattered throughout the nuclear interior  , whereas Ago2 was predominantly found on the inner nuclear periphery. To analyze Ago protein distribution in only the nuclear compartment  , we performed IF on isolated nuclei from the HA-Ago1 and HA-Ago2 stable cell lines.Sun2 is a transmembrane protein that spans the inner nuclear envelope and has been implicated in the maintenance of nuclear structure and the regulation of DNA damage. In addition to the substrate CReP  , which we followed up in detail  , turnover of several of the other substrates is likely to be regulated in response to cell cycle position or stress.Thus  , we removed all viral protein sequences with close eukaryotic cellular homologs. For example  , a comparison of the B. mori nuclear polyhedrosis virus BmNPV and B. mori proteomes showed 15 of 136 BmNPV proteins 11% have significant similarity to B. mori proteins 31  , with BLASTP E values as low as 2e-79.Finally  , the cell morphological change was proportional to the TDP-43 expression level S3 Fig. Using cells with the endogenous nuclear Htb1 protein tagged with mCherry 61  , we could see that the bloated/elongated cells each have only one non-fragmented nucleus and so did not result from a failure of cytokinesis Fig 2.Mutant PFN1 could thus influence the regulation of such protein/RNA granules. Nuclear gems are sub-nuclear structures involved in mRNA splicing events and depletion of nuclear gems has been repeatedly reported in ALS reviewed in 19.We show that TCF1 specifically activated by cold associates with chromatin and regulates a specific set of genes that are involved in cold acclimation and adaptation to freezing temperature. The present study reports isolation and functional characterization of a novel nuclear protein TCF1 as a determinant of cold acclimation and freezing tolerance.Yet another major advantage of transgene expression via the chloroplast genome is their containment because of maternal inheritance of chloroplast genome 28 ,29. In spite of expression of transgenes up to 46% of the leaf protein 25 or 150–170 fold higher transcription than the nuclear transgene 26 ,27  , no gene silencing has been observed in transgenic chloroplasts.Furthermore  , six genes previously associated with human TReg cells were identified. In addition to FOXP3  , CTLA4 and IL2RA  , we also found the chemokine receptor 7 CCR7  , the transferring receptor TFRC and integrin beta 2 ITGB2 genes in this intersection group between mouse and human.Mps3 cleavage and cell cycle progression. Therefore  , at the nuclear periphery a unique signal transduction cascade appears to be in place during meiosis to regulate Mps3 phosphorylation and protein cleavage.merlin provides a numeric confidence score for each automatic assignment  , taking into account the frequency and the taxonomy within the annotations of all sequences that are similar to the gene under investigation
51  , according to equation 1: The reconstruction process cannot begin without a functionally annotated genome; thus  , merlin performs automatic genome-wide functional reannotations  , by comparing biological sequences from the organism being studied with all of the NCBI’s databases.1 L~t = R List = W List = X Var = Doz.- Ver = De&Name Var = New_Statm  During the above described execution of a forward chaining rule cluster  , the access to the global parameter list is done exploiting the EParam  , EElem and the ECorrParam edges  , analogously to the execution of backward chaining rules. 'l%emfom  , Merlin starts the rule interpretation with the first rule in a forward chaining rule cluster whose preconditions are fulfilled.Significantly  , RXRβ is a close family relative of the nuclear hormone receptor  , nhr-86  , from C. elegans  , which interacts with the ceTAC binding protein lin36 Fig. 7  , this interaction is confirmed in vitro by GST-pull down analysis.From these proteins CCR7 is expressed on rhabdomyosarcoma cells and is involved in lymph node metastasis 72 We cannot conclude if inhibition of polysialylation of CCR7 by the IBs have also contributed to the delay of metastasis. SynCAM-1  , Neuropilin-2  , chemokine receptor CCR7 and E-selectin ligand-1 68–71.Equivalent amounts were immunoblotted with phospho Ser 2056-DNA-PKCS  , DNA-PKCS or Lamin A antibody. Nuclear protein from parental and chemo-residual cells was extracted.Bottom panels show retention of the GFP-human MAU-2 protein in nuclei isolated from transiently transfected HeLa cells and subsequently extracted in 0.5% Triton-X. The fusion protein appears present in both the nucleus and the cytoplasm  , sometimes with a strong nuclear localization  , as shown in the center panels  , but in other cells cytoplasmic expression predominated.Tests for common function did identify differences in genes with common gene functions including protein localization or targeting to mitochondria  , chemokine binding or receptor activity and endothelial cell proliferation. In support of this  , microarray data failed to detect any transcripts that are significantly differentially expressed in Sdl carrier thymuses compared to wild-type thymuses.miR-125b expression is greatly reduced in DCIS compared to HN 0.05-fold and PRM 0.08-fold. NRIP1/RIP140 is a nuclear protein that modulates the transcriptional activity of the ER 45.The fold change of U1-70K protein expression after U1C knockdown is given below ΔU1C/ctr. Whole cell lysates or nuclear extracts were analyzed by SDS-PAGE and Western blot  , detecting U1-70K  , γ-tubulin as a loading control  , and U1C.The Ostreococcus sequence with a high E score appears to be a chimeric protein comprising two additional FHA forkhead-associated  , putative nuclear-signalling domains  , separated from each other and the Fibrillin domain by regions of low complexity Figure 13. Eukaryotic unicellular green algae and cyanobacteria make a distinct separate group.We also show that hnRNP-Q2 competes with PABP for polyA binding to inhibit global protein synthesis both in vitro and in vivo and attenuate miRNA-mediated repression of mRNAs. Here  , we report the interaction of mouse heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein Q isoform 2 hereafter referred to as hnRNP-Q2 with the polyA tail.BBS6 staining D and BBS6H84Y; A242S E staining identifies transfected cells  , SMARCC1 labeled with antibody recognizing endogenous protein  , DAPI used for nuclear staining. Over-expression of BBS6 leads to an increase in the cytoplasmic amount of SMARCC1.One of the best studied of the galectins is the prototype F3 CRD galectin  , known as Galectin-1 Gal-1/L-14-1; the gene encoding Gal-1 is known as LGALS1. 2004.Potentially therefore  , an inherent characteristic  , amino acid sequence remains fully functional when expressed in GvpC-SIV protein chimeras and effectively targets the nucleus. Thus data from the r-GVSIV treated monolayer cultures suggest that in this in vitro system  , the Rev peptides in particular  , but also Tat can enter the nuclear compartment of J774A cells.A recent study described a reversed NO-induced nociceptive hypersensitivity through the blockade of a supraspinal signaling pathway involving a PKC-dependent CREB cAMP response element-binding protein  , STAT1 signal transducer and activator of transcription 1 and NF-κB nuclear factor kappa B activation in the PAG and thalamus 36. This effect is likely mediated through multiple neurobiological components.Consistently  , subcellular fractionation followed by western blot analysis showed lower levels of beta-catenin in the nuclear fraction of LINC-PINT overexpressing cells  , concomitant with the reduction of mRNA and protein levels of the beta-catenin regulator EGR1 31  , 32 Fig. 5d and Additional file 1: Figure S4C.After pre-incubation  , 0.4 µg of biotinylated RAFT preparation was added  , and incubation at 20°C was carried out for 1 h with gentle mixing every 10 min. Initially  , 150 µL of nuclear protein extract 150–300 µg of protein was pre-exhausted for 10 min at 10°C in 400 µL of solution containing 20 mM HEPES  , pH 7.6  , 4% Ficoll  , 5 mM MgCl2  , 0.2 mM EDTA  , 1 mM DTT  , and 30 µg of polydI/dC.CXCR  , Chemokine C-X-C receptor; E2  , Oestradiol; IP  , Immunoprecipitation; JNK  , c-Jun N-terminal kinase; LTED  , Long-term oestrogen deprivation; PELP  , Proline-  , glutamic acid- and leucine-rich protein 1; si  , Small interfering; wt  , Wild type. The data shown are representative of three independent experiments.The loci were cytochrome oxidase subunit I COI and NADH subunit 1 ND1 from the mitochondrial genome  , and elongation factor-1α EF-1α  , wingless wgl  , glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase GAPDH and ribosomal protein S5 RpS5 from different nuclear genomes. We amplified 6 loci using PCR directly from the genomic extracts.Recombinant full-length SET protein is observed at 49 kDa in nuclear and cytoplasmic fractions as in B. APP was used as a cytoplasmic Cyt control and histone was used as a nuclear N control.Either disruption of ERK/paxillin complex or lack of ERK induced phosphorylation on serine 83 abolishes cell spreading and branching morphogenesis 24  , 25. ERKs have a wide variety of nuclear and cytosolic targets including cyclin D1 and focal adhesion FA scaffold protein paxillin  , which also associates with MEK 23  , 24.GEMs  , which host all transcription factors that are required for gene expression from RNA Polymerase to RNA capping  , splicing  , poly-adenylation  , and export factors 8  , are associated with the nuclear pores  , and the mature mRNAs  , once produced at the GEM  , are immediately exported out of the nucleus to be translated at the ribosomes of the rough endoplasmic reticulum 7. According to the reverse recruitment hypothesis 7  , the transcription factors do not move to the highly transcribed genes  , but the highly transcribed genes move to the gene expression machines GEMs  , which are protein complexes with fixed locations in the nuclear periphery.However  , after digitonin treatment only the nuclear fraction remained Figure S1G. As previously reported 32  , this protein was present in both the nucleus and cytoplasm in intact COS-7 cells Figure S1F.The GFP-BED1/2x protein residues 47–384 containing both regions with nuclear localization signals was primarily associated with granular structures in the nucleus  , suggesting a nucleolar localization. We used two different GFP-fusion constructs to confirm a nuclear localization in C2C12 cells Figure 4B.For western blot analysis  , protein amounts from the same number of cells were used for all fractions. Next  , we prepared nuclear and cytoplasmic extracts from Dcr and wild type PMEFs.EGFR  , epidermal growth factor receptor; Jab1  , c-Jun activation domain-binding protein-1. Tumor #230 bottom row shows low nuclear but high cytoplasmic Jab1 expression associated with the absence of EGFR or S100A7 expression.Genes in red or green correspond to upregulated or downregulated  , respectively. Vertical rectangle  , G protein–coupled receptor; dashed square  , growth factor; inverted triangle  , kinase; horizontal rectangle  , ligand-dependent nuclear receptor; triangle  , phosphatase; oval  , transcription regulator; trapezoid  , transporter; circle  , other.JF  , VV  , and JK carried out stereotaxic surgery and CPP experiments. DF  , JF  , and MC performed nuclear protein isolation  , co-immunoprecipitation and western blotting.The basic enzymatic reactions catalyzed by PARP1 involve transferring ADPr from NAD to either a protein acceptor or to an existing polyADP-ribose pADPr chain 1. To understand these roles  , the present study proposes to elucidate the mechanisms of such automodified PARP1 action on nuclear processes.Note the decrease in the levels of both 10XSTAT-GFP and STAT protein in Inx2-depleted follicle cells. F: Histogram comparing nuclear STAT level for genotypes represented in D and E.To follow up this hypothesis in more detail  , we transfected a GFP-Caldendrin construct into hippocampal primary neurons. This points to a regulatory function of this protein–protein interaction in nuclear trafficking of Jacob after enhanced synaptic activation that is related to the competitive accessibility of Jacob's NLS for either Caldendrin or Importin-α binding.The individual Bioneer deletion strains of these two genes were verified by PCR analysis and their TBZ sensitivity confirmed by a plate assay data not shown. We focused on two genes that are currently annotated as uncharacterized sequence orphans  , SPBP8B7.28c and SPBC2G2.14  , whose protein products were shown to be nuclear localized by a genome-wide localization study 49.Conversion events between CCR1/3 in rodents have also been reported 31. Recombination or gene conversion between paralogs in the chemokine receptor family has been investigated and described  , particularly for CCR2/5 conversion in several orders of mammals 31 ,46-50.Nuclear localization of the GFP-CdTLO1 TAD gave a weak agar invasion phenotype  , but still had no effect on filamentation in embedded agar Fig 12. This finding suggests that although a larger amount of total CdTlo2 protein in the cell can amplify filamentation phenotypes  , the most important factor is the amount in the nucleus.Anti-Myc immunostaining indicated no detectable increase in protein level or nuclear localization Figure 5B. When Myc-tagged wild type NHR-25 was transfected  , reporter expression was enhanced Figure 5A  , and the sumoylation-defective mutant NHR-25 3KR activated the reporter more strongly Figure 5A.Please note the tight association of Jacob isoforms with the nuclear protein fraction. Nuclei were extracted with the agents indicated.CDK7 and CDK9 are nuclear proteins  , and show enriched immunoreactivity in tumor cells. A–F Representative immunohistochemical stains for each indicated protein performed on high-grade malignant glioma tumor tissue  , all done as part of the Human Protein Atlas Project.In initial experiments  , we could not establish a direct binding of Jacob to CREB although both proteins are found in the overlapping fractions after gel filtration of nuclear protein complexes unpublished data. What is Jacob's physiological role in the nucleus ?The mRNA levels were increased in the nuclear  , nucleomorph  , mitochondrial  , and plastid genes in the order of representation  , which correlated with genomic copy numbers. We also analyzed relative transcript levels of homologous ribosomal protein genes in the four genomes of B. natans and the three genomes of G. theta by reverse transcription qPCR.The best known example is the canonical or classical nuclear localization signal cNLS—a specific sequence that  , when added to a protein  , drives its nuclear localization. By their ability to bind with recognition sites on the cargo: no recognition  , no passage.Further evidence that CK2α activity is important in LNv derives from the finding that inhibition by CK2α causes delayed nuclear entry of PER in these core pacemaker cells. At the molecular level  , elevated levels and diminished phosphorylation of PER protein is associated with reduced CK2α function; this effect on PER protein is further correlated with elevated and delayed transcription of per and vri clock genes.As already sketched in the introduction  , a user's working context in Merlin consists of all objects which according to their access rights have been granted to the user upfront or during execution of the software process  , i.e. 2.1 for an example of a working context of a user called Miller who performs the role of a programmer.Nonetheless  , AID-mCherry-CDT1 nuclear signal exceeded that of AID-mCherry Fig 4C. The CDT1 tag destabilizes nuclear protein outside G1 phase 32 and would not be predicted to increase nuclear abundance at any stage of cell cycle.We directly test the role of cell cycle regulation by fusing AID to tags derived from cell cycle regulators CDT1 and Geminin 32 to destroy nuclear protein outside G1 or S-G2/M phase. We show that mutations that affect regulatory phosphorylation or catalytic activity can alter AID stability and abundance.100μl of each nuclear protein was stored at -70°C for input preparation. A portion of each nuclear extract was immunoprecipitated with the RNA-Binding Protein Immunoprecipitation Kit according to the manufacturer’s protocol Millipore  , using Anti-GFP Sigma antibody-coupled magnetic A/G beads or IgG coupled magnetic protein A/G beads.With the exception of GFP  , they are all human or mouse proteins  , and represent several diverse protein families with extra-cellular  , cytoplasmic and nuclear cell locations. The 30 proteins chosen for this expression study are listed in Table 1.Upon their expression in Arabidopsis roots  , these fusion proteins were specifically localized in the nuclei Figure 4B  , consistent with that AFR1 and AFR2 act as part of nuclear AFR1/AFR2-HDAC complexes in leaf veins to downregulate FT expression. Next  , we examined the subcellular localization of both AFR1 and AFR2 proteins by fusing them with green fluorescence protein GFP.In some cells the proportion of nuclear expression was comparatively high 
Figure 2A  , center panels  , but often cytoplasmic expression predominated see
Figure 3A  , possibly as a consequence of artificial over-expression. Following transient transfection of HeLa cells in the present study  , GFP-human MAU-2 fusion protein constructs showed expression in both nucleus and cytoplasm.The HOXA13-GFP fusion protein produces a robust fluorescent signal. The nuclear localization  , protein turnover  , and tissue-specific expression of the HOXA13-GFP protein were similar to the wild type protein 28.Mitochondria can have codon usage differing from that of the nuclear genome  , and therefore protein coding genes from mitochondrial genomes were eliminated from consideration. Wormpep_dna121 March 2004; Welcome Trust Sanger Institute  , unpublished data was used for C. elegans analysis  , and the hybrid gene set 35 was used for C. briggsae analysis.Thus the loss of these genes presumably would not be lethal even if the plastid genes were not successfully transferred to the nuclear genome. An alternative  , nuclear-encoded protein that requires light can also affect chlorophyll maturation.Mutations in nuclear genes encoding proteins that are part of the translational machinery have been shown to cause mitochondrial diseases with varying age of onset and diverse clinical pathologies that affect a range of different tissues 2 ,3. The MRPS34 protein is expressed in all examined tissues including brain  , colon  , heart  , kidney  , liver  , thymus  , pancreas  , skin and testis and the Mrps34 mutation results in decreased levels of the protein in these tissues S1 Fig.The similarity result gene product  , EC number with the highest confidence score was selected by merlin to automatically annotate each protein encoding gene of the studied genome. Using internal heuristics  , described in
51 and briefly represented above in equation 1  , merlin automatically selected a candidate annotation for each protein encoding gene of the studied genome based on confidence scores.