Mouse monoclonal anti-human-vinculin V9131 and rabbit polyclonal anti-Rab5 R4654 were from Sigma-Aldrich. Mouse monoclonal anti-FN MAB88904 and anti-αvβ3-integrin MAB1976  , goat polyclonal anti-α5β1-integrin AB1950  , rabbit polyclonal anti-α5-integrin AB1928  , rabbit polyclonal anti-α2-integrin AB1936  , and anti-α3-integrin AB1920 were from Chemicon.The anti-AML1/RHD Oncogene PG285 antibody  , recognizing both wild-type AML1 and AML1/ETO  , anti-alpha-tubulin SIGMA T9026  , anti-vinculin SIGMA V9131 and anti-actin SIGMA A4700 were used for Western blotting. Commercially available antibodies against ETO Santa Cruz sc-9737  , AML1/RUNX1 Abcam ab23980  , HEB Santa Cruz sc-357  , H3K4me3 Abcam ab8580 were used in ChIP assay and Western blot.Paxillin is a direct phosphorylation target of ERK-proteins and lack of pERK-induced phosphorylation on serine 83 of paxillin leads to functional defects in cell spreading and branching morphogenesis 24  , 25. Growing evidence indicates active crosstalk between different adhesion sites and this can be at least partially mediated by localization of certain proteins like vinculin and paxillin to both focal adhesions and AJs 26  , 55.Several Mef2 genes are expressed in differentiated zebrafish muscle  , particularly mef2ca  , mef2cb  , mef2d and mef2aa
42–44. MS222 treatment for just 17 h led to a dramatic loss of Mef2 protein without any appreciable change in Myod relative to other control muscle proteins such as Actin and Vinculin Figure 2A ,B.All samples contained 25 μg of total protein  , and dystrophin expression as a percent of normal is indicated in parentheses below each lane. Images show blots of dystrophin top and vinculin bottom obtained from the same gel.Growing evidence indicates active crosstalk between different adhesion sites and this can be at least partially mediated by localization of certain proteins like vinculin and paxillin to both focal adhesions and AJs 26  , 55. The molecular mechanism by which lack of paxillin phosphorylation leads to increased plasmamembranous localization of itself and vinculin remains a subject of future studies  , but non-receptor tyrosine kinases Src and focal adhesion kinase FAK as well the small GTPase Rac1 are shown to mediate shuttling between FAs and AJs in other cell types  , and therefore are good candidates 55  , 56.The observation that Nrp1 and α5β1 colocalization was particularly apparent in intracellular vesicles indicated that these two molecules may associate at or near the point of endocytosis and that they may be internalized as a complex  , which is then subsequently disassembled upon recycling to the plasma membrane. Notably  , immunofluorescence analysis of endogenous endothelial proteins confirmed the spatial links between hNrp1 and vinculin Figure 4B or α5β1 integrin Figure 4C at either adhesion sites Figure 4B and 4C  , arrows or vesicular structures located in their proximity Figure 4C  , arrowheads.Donkey anti-mouse IRDye 800 CW secondary antibody LI-COR Biosciences  , Lincoln  , NE was applied for 1 h and membranes were scanned on an Odyssey Infrared Imaging System following multiple TBS-T/TBS washes. Membranes were cut to allow separate immunoblotting of dystrophin and vinculin and blocked in Odyssey blocking buffer LI-COR Biosciences  , Lincoln  , NE for 1 h. Membranes were incubated for 1 h in mouse monoclonal anti-dystrophin MANDYS8; Sigma  , St. Louis  , MO and anti-vinculin VIN1; Sigma  , St. Louis  , MO at dilutions of 1:400 and 1:2000  , respectively.The data for the AMPK subunits have been normalised against an internal standard vinculin. The data for the phosphorylation of AMPK and ACC are expressed as the ratio of phosphorylated AMPK to total AMPK and phosphorylated ACC to total ACC respectively.Western-blotting procedures were conducted as previously described 6 using 60 μg of protein per sample. The data for the AMPK subunits have been normalised against an internal standard vinculin.Conversely  , 3αHP appears to suppress protein kinase C PKC  , phospholipase C PLC  , Ca2+ mobilization unpublished observations  , and the Bcl-2/Bax expression ratio 18  , and increases expression of the cell-cycle inhibitor p21 18  , resulting in increased apoptosis and decreased proliferation and detachment of breast cell lines. Indications are that 5αP acts via the surface receptor-linked mitogen-activated protein kinase MAPK; Erk1/2 pathway; 5αP significantly stimulates activation of Erk1/2 30  , increases the Bcl-2/Bax expression ratio 18 and actin depolymerization 31  , and decreases expression of actin and adhesion plaque-associated vinculin 31  , resulting in decreased apoptosis and increased mitosis and cell detachment.SGCA-1 staining was excluded from the A band region. To identify the punctate structure where the DAPC and ISLO-1 are localized  , we stained wild-type animals with SGCA-1 antibodies  , together with antibodies that recognize a myosin heavy chain A band or vinculin dense bodies  , analogous to Z line/costamere.Focal adhesions were stained with an antibody against vinculin and paxillin  , cytoskeletal proteins that are part of focal adhesions that also regulate mechanical coupling of the cytoskeleton to the extracellular matrix ECM. To assess the possibility that NKCC1 may affect GB cell migration through a mechanism other than cell volume regulation  , we compared the size of focal adhesions formed by NKCC1 knockdown cells and cells transduced with the control shRNA.Whereas Mef2 decreased  , Myod and Vinculin were unchanged relative to Actin control B. Zebrafish embryos were incubated from 31–48 hpf with MS222 and Mef2 and MyoD A  , B or specifically Mef2c C were detected by Western blot 50 embryos/sample.It is plausible that PIPKIγ plays a role in invadopodia formation by production of PI4 ,5P2 that regulates actin filament dynamics via cofilin  , α-actinin  , and vinculin. ADP-ribosylation factor 6 ARF6 is a regulator of invadopodia formation and cell invasion 41 and ARF6 directly activates PIPKIγ 42.Immunopurified anti-HA from clone 12CA5 was used against AML1/ETO. The anti-AML1/RHD Oncogene PG285 antibody  , recognizing both wild-type AML1 and AML1/ETO  , anti-alpha-tubulin SIGMA T9026  , anti-vinculin SIGMA V9131 and anti-actin SIGMA A4700 were used for Western blotting.A Immunoblots of E12.5 Jarid1b embryos divided into head and body probed for Jarid1b and Vinculin loading control. Expression of Jarid1b is lost in knockout embryos.Furthermore  , PI4 ,5P2 regulates adhesion turnover by binding to and modulating talin  , vinculin  , ezrin/radixin/moesin  , calpain  , and other proteins involved in adhesion dynamics 8 ,11. Including cofilin  , PI4 ,5P2 also regulates the reorganization of actin cytoskeleton by associating with other proteins such as α-actinin  , WASP/N-WASP  , gelsolin  , profilin  , and villin 8 ,11.D Bar chart of the quantification of focal adhesion area stained with vinculin left panel and paxillin right panel antibodies. B–C NS 318 control shRNA left panel  , NKCC1 shRNA middle panel  , and wild-type treated with 5 µM paclitaxel right panel stained with an anti-vinculin antibody B and anti-paxillin antibody C to visualize focal adhesions lower panels in B and C show an amplification of areas within the squares.Interestingly  , paxillin and another FA protein  , vinculin  , are found also in adherens junctions AJ  , where they associate with β-catenin to modulate adhesion at sites of cell-cell contact 26  , 27. Either disruption of ERK/paxillin complex or lack of ERK induced phosphorylation on serine 83 abolishes cell spreading and branching morphogenesis 24  , 25.This preferential membranous localization was time dependent as after 2 h of UO126 such differences were not obvious data not shown. Simultaneously vinculin  , another FA protein was also more pronounced in the cell surface Figure 7G–H′.Notably  , immunofluorescence analysis of endogenous endothelial proteins confirmed the spatial links between hNrp1 and vinculin Figure 4B or α5β1 integrin Figure 4C at either adhesion sites Figure 4B and 4C  , arrows or vesicular structures located in their proximity Figure 4C  , arrowheads. Moreover  , mNrp1-mRFP and α5-GFP fully colocalized in intracellular vesicles Figure 4A  , arrowheads.Instead SGCA-1 was partially co-localized with vinculin only in dense bodies  , indicating that the DAPC is localized near dense bodies Figure S3. SGCA-1 staining was excluded from the A band region.The renin-angiotensin system has been implicated in vascular smooth muscle cell proliferation and migration 88  , 89  , and ACE2 overexpression-induced alterations in cell migration have been documented 88. ACE2 is a newly described member of the renin-angiotensin system that can cleave angiotensin II into angiotensin 1–7  , or angiotensin I into angiotensin 1–9 66.Vinculin  , H4 and Ponceau serve as loading controls. A Immunoblots for Jarid1b and H3K4me3 of Jarid1b embryos at different developmental stages.We observed small  , thin  , and elongated focal adhesions primarily in the extending processes in control virus shRNA cells  , whereas in NKCC1 shRNA cells  , focal adhesions were much larger Figure 4B–C and Figure S4  , indicative of focal adhesion maturation 22 ,48. Focal adhesions were stained with an antibody against vinculin and paxillin  , cytoskeletal proteins that are part of focal adhesions that also regulate mechanical coupling of the cytoskeleton to the extracellular matrix ECM.ACE2 is a newly described member of the renin-angiotensin system that can cleave angiotensin II into angiotensin 1–7  , or angiotensin I into angiotensin 1–9 66. Renin catalyzes the conversion of angiotensinogen to angiotensin I  , which can be converted by ACE into angiotensin II.Additionally to amplified FA localization  , vinculin is also intensively distributed to cell surfaces arrowheads. Both paxillin J  , M and vinculin K  , N are intensified in FAs of dko cells M–N while are more diffusely distributed in control cells J–K.Membranes were cut to allow separate immunoblotting of dystrophin and vinculin and blocked in Odyssey blocking buffer LI-COR Biosciences  , Lincoln  , NE for 1 h. Membranes were incubated for 1 h in mouse monoclonal anti-dystrophin MANDYS8; Sigma  , St. Louis  , MO and anti-vinculin VIN1; Sigma  , St. Louis  , MO at dilutions of 1:400 and 1:2000  , respectively. Gels were transferred to nitrocellulose at 30 V for 16 h and membranes were stained with Ponceau S Sigma  , St. Louis  , MO to visualize proper transfer and even loading.To identify the punctate structure where the DAPC and ISLO-1 are localized  , we stained wild-type animals with SGCA-1 antibodies  , together with antibodies that recognize a myosin heavy chain A band or vinculin dense bodies  , analogous to Z line/costamere. Instead SGCA-1 was partially co-localized with vinculin only in dense bodies  , indicating that the DAPC is localized near dense bodies Figure S3.Indications are that 5αP acts via the surface receptor-linked mitogen-activated protein kinase MAPK; Erk1/2 pathway; 5αP significantly stimulates activation of Erk1/2 30  , increases the Bcl-2/Bax expression ratio 18 and actin depolymerization 31  , and decreases expression of actin and adhesion plaque-associated vinculin 31  , resulting in decreased apoptosis and increased mitosis and cell detachment. The mechanisms of action resulting in the opposing effects of these two hormones appear to involve cell-signaling pathways associated with the plasma membrane receptors  , as well as altered gene expression.Phosphatidylinositol 4 ,5-bisphosphate PI4 ,5P2 plays central roles in regulating cell migration  , a key step of cancer metastasis  , by modulating adhesion turnover and dynamic cytoskeleton rearrangements 8. Furthermore  , PI4 ,5P2 regulates adhesion turnover by binding to and modulating talin  , vinculin  , ezrin/radixin/moesin  , calpain  , and other proteins involved in adhesion dynamics 8 ,11.MS222 treatment for just 17 h led to a dramatic loss of Mef2 protein without any appreciable change in Myod relative to other control muscle proteins such as Actin and Vinculin Figure 2A ,B. We therefore tested whether inactivity reduced production of these proteins in parallel with the reduction in muscle growth.Our results demonstrate that PIPKIγ is not only required for breast cancer cell migration but also for breast cancer cell invasion. It is plausible that PIPKIγ plays a role in invadopodia formation by production of PI4 ,5P2 that regulates actin filament dynamics via cofilin  , α-actinin  , and vinculin.observed that WBS mice called “DD”  , with a 0.67 Mb deletion from Limk1 to Trim50 that contains Eln  , manifest a cardiovascular phenotype including hypertension with elevated angiotensinogen Agt  , renin Ren  , and angiotensin converting enzyme Ace mRNA throughout life Figure 1  , bottom 7. Campuzano et al.Primary human GB cells immunostained for focal adhesion proteins vinculin and paxillin. Mature focal adhesions have a larger area and are responsible for remodeling the extracellular matrix during migration.HCG was purified from culture supernatant harvested on two consecutive days during a steady state by affinity chromatography. The following exoglycosidase enzymes were used; sialidase A ABS  , hydrolyses α2-6  , 3  , & 8 non reducing terminal sialic acids  , β-galactosidase BTG  , cleaves β1-3  , 4 galactose  , α-fucosidase BKF  , releases α1-2  , 3  , 4  , 6 fucose hexosaminidase GUH  , cleaves non-bisecting βGlcNAc residues and mannosidase JBM  , releases α1-2  , 3  , 6 mannose residues.B Staining for β-galactosidase on sections of P0 brains representing Jarid1b expression. Vinculin  , H4 and Ponceau serve as loading controls.Immunodetection in whole embryos was as previously described 41. Primary antibodies used were: pS6 #5364  , S6 #2317  , p4EBPT37 #2855  , 4EBPT46 #4923 Cell Signalling  , Vinculin #V9131  , Actin #A2066 Sigma  , Mef2c #55913 Anaspec  , Mef2 C-21 #SC313  , MyoD C-20 #SC302 Santa Cruz  , SQSTM1 #ab56416  , Tropomyosin #ab7786 Abcam  , general MyHC A4.1025 106  , slow MyHC F59 31  , MyLC #F310 DSHB  , and Myosin binding protein C MyBPC  , a kind gift of E. Ehler.